Congratulations to 1st Lt. Andrew L. Bundermann, who received the Distinguished Service Cross last week – the military’s second-highest honor. Thank you for your service and extraordinary heroism.
IRS #FreeTaxPrep resources like the #FreeFile program are available to help qualifying taxpayers file for free this tax season. For more information, visit
Thank you @AMAmedstudents for stopping by to discuss how to solve the primary care shortage in America with expanded Graduate Medical Education (GME) grants.
RT @RepDavids: Watching my friend, @RepDebHaaland, become the first Native American woman to sit in the Speaker’s chair and preside over th…
This #InternationalWomensDay  I’m remembering those who have fought to move the needle for women here in America and around the world. I’m thankful for those who came before us, and I’m working hard in Congress to create a better future for those who will come after us. #IWD2019
This is a historic day #ForThePeople! I proudly voted for #HR1, a sweeping anti-corruption bill that makes it easier, not harder to vote. I urge the Senate to pass this legislation so that we can restore Americans’ faith in our democracy.
.@HouseDemocrats are committed to ensuring that voting is free, fair, and easy for all Americans -- and that every eligible vote is counted. Tomorrow, I’ll cast my vote for H.R. 1, which will empower voters and strengthen our democracy so it works #ForThePeople.
HeadStart and other early learning experiences can be a huge game changer for children -- especially for Native American children from communities with historical trauma. When kids walk into school feel confident they can succeed, it can make a difference for years to come.
When it comes to public safety justice, tribes face many challenges – rural, isolated areas with barely passable roads, insufficient staffing, condemned facilities, communications equipment that is often incompatible with other law enforcement entities.
Starting soon: Day 2 of the Interior-Environment Appropriations Subcommittee’s public witness hearings gathering testimony from 65+ tribal leaders and Native organizations about funding priorities for the coming year. Watch the morning session live here:
My statement in response to constituent concerns regarding comments by Rep. Ilhan Omar:
H.R. 1 is a bold package of legislative reforms that will ensure clean fair elections, fight back against big money in politics, demand accountability from public officials. This is an incredible opportunity to restore the faith function of American democracy. #ForThePeople
It’s imperative that the federal gov’t supports tribal efforts to build resiliency for the future – and that means ensuring funding for tribal communities to preserve their culture, natural resources, and economic development in the face of a changing climate.
I’m glad Minnesota is joining the effort to block the Trump admin’s proposed domestic gag rule. Pushing out providers like Planned Parenthood from the Title X public health program risks threatening access to care for millions of people. #SaveTitleX
The FCC’s repeal of #NetNeutrality protections is already changing the internet as we know it. Access to a free and open internet is power, and it’s time to give that power back to the people. #SaveTheNet
Native witnesses are already giving profound testimony about the need for increased funding for health care, and about the crisis of missing murdered indigenous women. Thank you to @TheUIHI for speaking to the importance of indigenous data in addressing violence and trauma.
I’m looking forward to this opportunity to gather input shape the funding bill to best meet our federal trust treaty obligations. Watch live here at 9am ET/8am CT:
Today and tomorrow, the Interior-Environment Appropriations Subcommittee will hear from 65+ tribal leaders and Native organizations about funding priorities for the coming year.
The arts help us connect and heal. They are part of our daily lives and our sacred moments. They create jobs and revitalize communities. Thrilled to have spent #ArtsAdvocacyDay discussing funding support for the arts w/ the amazing @TheRitaMoreno, @Americans4Arts @mncitizen!
Under this administration, President Trump and Republicans have perpetuated a #CultureOfCorruption in Washington. This week, @HouseDemocrats will pass the #ForThePeople Act, a bold democracy and ethics reform package that will give Americans their voice and their power back. #HR1
My office's Congressional Art Competition is underway — and the winning high school artist will have their work displayed in the United States Capitol! Learn more, read the full rules, download entry forms here:
RT @RepKatieHill: Counting down the days until @HouseDemocrats pass the most important package of democracy reforms, ethics standards, and…
The 116th Congress includes more women than ever before! Celebrating #WomensHistoryMonth means recognizing that we stand on the shoulders of giants must continue their fight for equality.
On March 6-7, the Interior-Environment Appropriations Subcommittee will hold two public witness hearing days to gather input from tribal nations about funding priorities how we can best meet our trust treaty obligations. More info here:
“As our Nation grows, so should our democracy grow.” -Congresswoman Coya Knutson, the first woman elected to Congress from Minnesota. This #WomensHistoryMonth, I’m celebrating pioneers like Coya and working to restore strengthen our democracy so it’s accessible to everyone.
I believe health care should be available and accessible to every American. Congress should pass my #HC4All amendment to enshrine this right into the U.S. Constitution.
So many of the semifinalists for Teacher of the Year are from the Fourth District! Thanks and congratulations to these hardworking educators.
Glad to be here with @GovTimWalz welcoming home the @MNNationalGuard 347th Regional Support Group. Thank you for your service to your country and your state.
Under this administration, the Dept of Interior has handed out nearly 1,700 waivers to offshore drilling safety rules. These rules – many of which were put in place after the 2010 BP disaster -- are in place to keep people and our environment safe.
Water Gremlin released the carcinogen TCE into the air, putting the public’s health at risk in my district. Today @MnPCA announced a settlement ending the company's use of TCE and a plan to address any health impacts. I commend @MnPCA for holding this polluter accountable.
President Trump and Republicans have fostered a culture of corruption, and it’s outrageous unacceptable. Next week, the House will take up #HR1 – historic legislation that will restore strengthen our democracy so government works #ForThePeople.
On this day 58 years ago, President John F. Kennedy signed an executive order establishing the @PeaceCorps. Thank you to all the hardworking volunteers who have stepped up to serve with communities in 141 countries to solve the world’s most pressing challenges.
Today I introduced the Keep Community Service Local Act to prevent the Trump admin from closing state territorial AmeriCorps VISTA Senior Corps offices. These vital programs rely on strong local relationships that must be preserved strengthened.
Yesterday I had the opportunity to ask FDA Commissioner @SGottliebFDA about the alarming lack of regulations for the $70 billion cosmetics industry in the U.S. Congress needs to update the law allow the FDA to ensure the safety of these products.
RT @WhipClyburn: In 2015, 9 innocent people were gunned down at the Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, SC.The gun used was sold even thoug…
I'm proud to have cosponsored and voted for #HR8, which just passed in the House. Expanding background checks will help save lives keep our communities safe from gun violence. This is a historic moment, the Senate should take up pass this bill immediately.
If EPA experts had concerns about the water quality impacts of PolyMet’s mining project, the public deserves to see those comments. My letter to Acting EPA Administrator Wheeler requests he immediately release EPA staff’s concerns.
Too many Americans lose their lives each year because of gun violence. Enough is enough. Today we’ll vote on #HR8, a bipartisan bill that will help keep our communities safe from gun violence by expanding universal background checks. #EndGunViolence
RT @RepDean: Today the House makes history. We will hold a vote on #HR8, a bipartisan bill to expand background checks help save lives. M…
RT @NRDems: The #PublicLands package is the biggest federal conservation effort in years. Today @HouseDemocrats passed legislation to perma…
The House just voted to terminate President Trump’s #FakeEmergency declaration. The Senate must now join us in rejecting this dangerous unconstitutional attempt to usurp congressional authority. My full statement:
Thank you to all groups individuals who testified in front of the Interior-Environment Appropriations subcommittee today. These insights about the priorities of the American public will significantly help us shape our FY2020 Interior and Environment funding bill.
We closed out this afternoon’s hearing with testimony about the importance of stopping wildlife trafficking supporting the conservation of endangered species and sustainable resource management at home and around the world. Thanks @TheWCS, @action4ifaw @HSLegFund.
Thanks to @ABCbirds @sdzglobal for insights on the delicate balance of many bird species and their habitats – birds are the proverbial ‘canary in the coal mine’ for pollution and climate change impacts.
.@protectNPS testimony highlighted NPS' maintenance backlog staffing/visitor services needs that have gone unaddressed due to budget constraints. National parks preserve our pristine natural places for future generations need adequate funding to operate safely sustainably.
The Minnesota Conservation Federation testified for @LWCFCOALITION in support of the Land Water Conservation Fund. I’m proud to have secured #LWCF dollars for the MN school trust lands in the #BWCA, and I’ll be proud to vote for S. 47 today for permanent #LWCF reauthorization!
Under the Trump administration, a sharp drop in EPA polluter enforcement is leaving communities at risk. In Minnesota, two important cases set up during the last administration should have been completed by now. Instead they’re languishing.
Thank you @healthylakes @ELPCenter for testifying on impacts of climate change on the Great Lakes. The Great Lakes Restoration Initiative is more important than ever as climate change brings new increased challenges like fish wildlife habitat loss more severe algal blooms
Strong EPA funding, especially for environmental justice programs, ensures vital assistance for “those impacted first and worst” by pollution, climate change, and other threats. Our subcommittee is committed to working on cumulative exposure for frontline and legacy communities.
“When you can’t breathe, nothing else matters.” Powerful testimony from American @LungAssociation. Every person in every community deserves clean air to breathe -- and the EPA’s enforcement efforts are critical in this endeavor. EPA funding saves lives.
Representatives from Minnesota's @ParkSquare Theatre and @humanities testified about the power of the arts and humanities to celebrate bring together diverse communities to explore and share their history, culture, experience.
Christopher Stowe is a retired U.S. Marine and testified today on behalf of the American Art Therapy Association. "Art therapy has helped me become a better human, husband, father, and friend. I can also state without a doubt art therapy has helped save my life."
Looking forward to hearing from more than 40 witnesses to gather testimony about America’s urgent needs related to protecting public health, the environment, and our public lands, as well as opportunities to make smart investments in the arts and humanities.
Coming up this morning at 9am ET/8am CT, the Interior-Environment Appropriations Subcommittee holds its first public witness hearing on non-tribal programs. The two sessions begin at 9am ) 12:45pm )
Powerful testimony from Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe spurred us all to work together to rebuild the Bug-O-Nay-Ge-Shig School. The Interior-Environment Appropriations Subcommittee will continue our tradition of hearing directly from tribal leaders next week.
Proud to cosponsor the #WeThePeopleAmendment which would enshrine in the U.S. Constitution that corporations are not people -- and therefore aren’t protected by the rights the Constitution affords.
I condemn Mr. Netanyahu’s embracing of the racist Otzma Yehudit party, and I urge all Members of Congress and Pro-Israel groups to join me.
Mr. Netanyahu’s decision to embrace hateful, racist, vile politics has a direct effect on U.S.-Israeli relations. Congress rightly condemns anti-Semitism; it must also condemn this effort by Mr. Netanyahu, a man who has addressed Joint Sessions of Congress on numerous occasions.
An Otzma Yehudit candidate in the April election was denied U.S. entry for being a member of a terrorist group. Another candidate "has acknowledged having a picture in his home of Baruch Goldstein...who massacred 29 Palestinians while they were praying at a mosque in Hebron..."
As Prime Minister Netanyahu seeks re-election he has joined forces with “the extremist party Otzma Yehudit, or Jewish Power, whose leaders have a long history of expressing support for violence against Palestinians expulsion of Arabs from Israel and the occupied territories."
What does Congress, the Trump administration, and the American people do when the leader of Israel, a U.S. ally and beneficiary of billions of dollars in aid, embraces racists and terrorists?
RT @AppropsDems: Also tomorrow, @BettyMcCollum04 will chair the Interior-Environment subcommittee's public witness day for non-tribal progr…
Minnesota ranks third nationally for the number of AmeriCorps volunteers – so we’d undoubtedly be affected by closing our state’s office. The distance and inevitable disconnect from local communities is unacceptable.
The Interior-Environment Appropriations Subcommittee holds its first public witness hearing this Tuesday! We’ll hear from experts + advocates about funding priorities to protect public health, the environment, public lands, and more. Info here:
More than a dozen retired top military commanders, who served in Republican and Democratic administrations, have come out in support of #HR8. This common sense legislation will help keep our communities safe from gun violence. I'm proud to be a cosponsor.
The first mammal has now been declared extinct as a direct result of climate change, and sadly, it won’t be the last. This is yet another warning that we must #ActOnClimate.
Congrats to Dr. Bill McGuire of the MN United Football Club for building a gem of a stadium in St. Paul. I toured Allianz Field yesterday and it is a treasure. I can’t wait for the first @MNUFC home match on April 13. Go Loons! #ScarvesUpMN
Reminder: This morning’s town hall has been postponed due to weather concerns. Stay safe, and we will share details on a new date and time as soon as possible!
William Happer is on the record saying "more CO2 will benefit the world." But somehow, he earned a spot on President Trump’s new panel on climate change and national security – amounting to yet another attack on science from this administration.
Due to potentially hazardous driving conditions, tomorrow’s town hall is postponed. Safety is our top priority and we will reschedule in the near future.
On this day 63 years ago, the #MontgomeryBusBoycott protesters demonstrated the power of standing up against an unjust system. May we be inspired by their sacrifice, courage, and determination. #BlackHistoryMonth
As of now, our town hall is still on for this Saturday, Feb. 23 in White Bear Lake. I’m looking forward to hearing from 4th district residents about priorities for this Congress. We’re monitoring the forecast will update this page with any changes:
President Trump’s #FakeEmergency undermines Congress’ power of the purse. As a Member of Congress, I took a vow to uphold the U.S. Constitution and I take it seriously – so I’m strongly supporting the resolution to terminate this emergency declaration.
Met these hardworking U.S. Marines at Camp Pendleton earlier today on my first delegation visit as Vice Chair of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, along with Chair @RepVisclosky. We’re committed to ensuring they have the resources needed to fulfill their missions.
President Trump’s #FakeEmergency declaration was based on nothing more than a manufactured crisis. I’m glad to see Minnesota join 15 other states in standing up against this gross abuse of power.
AmeriCorps VISTA Senior Corps offices forge local relationships and understand the needs of the communities in which they serve. The Trump admin’s plan to close all 46 state offices compromises CNCS' mission to improve lives strengthen communities.
RT @chelliepingree: Hemp production is a growing market for farmers and rural communities across the country. We’re urging Commissioner @Sc…
The EPA’s mission is to protect human health and the environment – so it should act now to set national limits on two toxic chemicals shown to cause cancer. This disappointing plan continues to kick the can down the road on PFAS regulation.
On this #PresidentsDay, it’s important to remember the Constitutional powers the president does not have – starting with the power of the purse. #FakeEmergency
It’s not too late to get a flu shot!
Congratulations to these Minnesotan artists who enrich and bring joy to their communities! As Chair of the Appropriations Subcommittee that provides the funding for @NEAarts, I’m proud to uphold our federal support for the arts.
I was honored to speak at this event last week in support of the Tibetan people. Congress must continue to promote human rights and religious freedom around the world.
Every single Member of Congress swore an oath to defend our Constitution. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP need to join Democrats and defend our Constitution from @realDonaldTrump’s #FakeTrumpEmergency.
Join me for a town hall meeting next Saturday, Feb. 23, in White Bear Lake! More details here:
Five more innocent lives lost to gun violence tonight in Illinois. Sending my condolences to the victims and their families.
Congratulations to Peter Frosch, the new CEO of @GreaterMSP! Peter is a former senior staffer in my congressional office and is a terrific person great leader. I wish Peter much success and look forward to working with him in his new role.
The #GlobalGagRule puts trusted, life-saving health services out of reach for high-need communities who are the most vulnerable. I support the #GlobalHERAct, which repeals the harmful Trump-Pence policy currently endangering the health of women and girls.
Let’s be clear – this is not a national emergency, it is a political emergency for President Trump. Instead of working with Congress on humane, responsible, and effective border security, the President has chosen to abuse his power under the Constitution.
Just voted for the bipartisan compromise agreement to keep government open. President Trump should sign this bill immediately and keep our federal employees at work.
The only emergency at the border was created by President Trump his barbaric policy of family separation. The President should not abuse his power by declaring an emergency to fulfill a campaign promise he failed to deliver when the GOP had full gov't control for two years.
RT @AppropsDems: TODAY: the House will be considering a bipartisan, House Senate conference agreement that keeps our government open, den…
Standing today always with #Parkland and the families of the victims of the #MSD massacre as we honor their lives a year after their tragic deaths. @HouseDemocrats will fight to keep our communities safe from gun violence with #HR8 other common sense legislation.
Today I asked the Superintendent of the U.S. Naval Academy about impacts of climate change on the Annapolis campus, and the response was sobering. Climate change impacts us all, including the U.S. military, and we must act. Watch the hearing here:
Millions of civilians in Yemen suffer from famine other grave humanitarian consequences of Saudi Arabia's war. The U.S. should be working to end this war, not make it worse. That is why I strongly support -- and Congress must pass -- #HJRes37 to end U.S. military involvement.
Research shows that family, friends, coworkers, and communities can work together to be heart healthy. Join me and @NIH_NHLBI in raising awareness to prevent heart disease. #HeartMonth
I was honored to join @WereNIEA this morning. As Chair of the Interior-Environment Appropriations subcommittee, I take seriously our responsibility to sufficiently fund and improve education for Native American communities.
I’m supporting the agreement reached by my colleagues to #KeepGovernmentOpen, and President Trump must do the same to avoid inflicting even more harm hardship on American workers. Let’s move forward and get back to working #ForThePeople.
I’m proud that my voting record earns a 100% on NETWORK’s Catholic Social Justice scorecard. I’m committed to fighting for inclusive policies that end income inequality and ensure living wages and quality healthcare for all.
American workers are still recovering from the last #TrumpShutdown – the last thing we need is another one. The president should commit to #KeepGovernmentOpen, so Congress can move forward with the urgent work that awaits us.
The FMLA has meant many workers can take needed time off without having to worry about losing their jobs or health insurance. But what if they didn’t have to risk financial insecurity? #PaidLeave means everybody wins. #FAMILYAct
RT @NCAI1944: "It is so important to remember the consequences of a shutdown in Indian Country last long after the shutdown has ended." - @…
I strongly opposed the Trump-Republican tax bill when it was rushed through Congress in late 2017. It’s now become clear the bill was nothing more than a scam – giving massive tax breaks to corporations at the expense of middle class families.
Notice: In anticipation of the expected significant snowfall, Stillwater Office Hours for tomorrow, February 12, will be cancelled. All appointments will be rescheduled. Apologies for any inconvenience this may cause.
RT @RepRaskin: All the Swamp Monsters know the #ForThePeople Act takes government back for the common good — and they’ll do anything to sto…
Extending my deepest sympathies to the Deschampe family and members of the Grand Portage Band of Lake Superior Chippewa on the loss of Tribal Chairman Norman Deschampe. I was honored to know Norm, a leader who never stopped advocating for his community.
Great meeting with @MomsDemand in St. Paul this morning to discuss #HR8 to #UpdateBackgroundChecks and other common sense measures to keep our communities safe from gun violence.
Very sad to hear of the passing of my colleague, Congressman Walter Jones. He served the people of North Carolina’s 3rd district with integrity and he will be missed. Sending my condolences to his family and friends at this time.
Millions of Americans are at risk of losing their hard-earned pensions if Congress doesn’t act. I’m proud to support the #ButchLewisAct to improve security for workers who’ve worked hard for their retirement benefits.
Minnesota is one of the 26 states that have been affected by CWD, a deadly disease that infects deer, elk, and moose. For those planning to hunt, please be sure to heed the @CDCgov’s recommendation to test any animals before consuming them.
Congratulations to Mounds View native Lt. Amanda Lee, who was part of the first ever all-female flyover this week! Fierce women like Amanda make our state and our nation proud.
Attention Cultural STAR Grant applicants: the deadline for round one application has been rescheduled to February 22nd. Learn more about the grant program and how to apply here: 
During the gov't shutdown Tribal Nations went without funding for health clinics social services for children and seniors. I’m introducing bipartisan legislation to provide stable funding for tribes a full year in advance so this never happens again.
My heartfelt condolences to Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and the Dingell family on the loss of John Dingell Jr. John was an extraordinary public servant and friend, and his legacy of fierce advocacy for the health and wellbeing of American families will endure for years to come.
The Park Service’s sudden reversal just raises further questions about this administration’s disregard for Congress’ constitutional power of the purse. We’ll continue to conduct thorough oversight and hold this admin accountable for their actions.
RT @SierraClub: Watch @BettyMcCollum04 hold @DOIDepSec’s #CultureofCorruption accountable for his misuse of our National Park’s visitors fe…
RT @StribOpinion: Edit: Give public more time to comment on #TwinMetals mineral leases. Rep. @BettyMcCollum04 others have raised reasonab…
“I’m more than convinced, sadly, that the administration has ignored the law and the policies that the agencies have had in place for years to protect our citizens and our public lands.”
The president won’t release a budget until mid-March, but the Interior-Environment Appropriations subcommittee is starting to gather input from the public now about priorities concerns as we begin shaping our funding bill. Here's how to submit testimony:
Accountability matters. That’s why I’ve sent this letter, along with my colleague @RepRaulGrijalva, to the Comptroller General of the United States to request a formal opinion on the reallocation of FLREA funds by this admin during the #TrumpShutdown.
After hearing from expert witnesses today, I have even more concerns about Acting Sec. Bernhardt’s nomination to lead the DOI. I’m requesting an official opinion from the Congressional watchdog agency on the legality of his actions during the #TrumpShutdown.
Because visitor fees were used during the #TrumpShutdown, national parks are going to be waiting even longer for important projects that make our parks safer and more enjoyable for visitors.
RT @AppropsDems: Follow along with Chair @BettyMcCollum04 the Interior-Environment subcommittee →
The Antideficiency Act exists to protect Congress’ power of the purse. The law says an agency may not switch to a different appropriation merely because the one it chose first is now depleted. This is known as the “pick and stick rule.” Pick one and stick to it.
I have serious questions about Acting Sec. Bernhardt’s decision to use visitor fees to keep some national parks open during the shutdown. These funds are not a slush fund for the Administration to use whenever and however it wants.
Our most fundamental responsibility is to exercise Congress’ power of the purse, as entrusted by the U.S. Constitution. As appropriators, we take this role seriously to ensure taxpayer dollars are handled properly.
National park visitor fees are for a very specific use – long-term capital improvement projects. They are not general obligation funds to pay employees or pay for routine maintenance.
Coming up at 10am: I’m holding an oversight hearing to gather testimony evidence to determine whether the Trump admin actions violated appropriations law during the shutdown. If they misused taxpayer dollars, the public deserves to know. Watch live here:
Despite the president’s remarkable inability to tell the truth, the American people know this new Democratic House majority will heal our Union end this admin's endless chaos. Democrats are working to restore government so it works #ForThePeople.
I agree that we should focus on lowering the costs of health care and prescription drugs. But it’s hard to believe the president is speaking in good faith when his HHS Secretary is a former #BigPharma executive. #SOTU
The president shut down the government and chose to sow fear and bigotry instead of working with Democrats on smart and effective border security immigration reform. Americans are still suffering from the #TrumpShutdown. #SOTU
The truth about the president’s tax law is that it benefited corporate interests — not the middle class — and exploded the deficit. #SOTU
RT @KUER_FM: Congressional Democrats will hold a hearing tomorrow morning to look into the administration's use of visitor fees to keep pop…
.@HouseDemocrats will fight to address climate change and expand voting rights, and clean up this administration’s corruption. We’ll keep working to restore a government that works #ForThePeople. #SOTU
Despite the falsehoods we can certainly expect from the president tonight, know this: the new House Democratic majority will work to lower health care costs and raise wages.
President Trump has spent the last two years sabotaging Americans’ healthcare, giving massive tax breaks to big corporations, and inflicting harm and hardship during the #TrumpShutdown.
Great to meet with my friend @LtGovFlanagan today to discuss our state’s federal priorities and ensure that we meet our trust and treaty obligations to Minnesota’s tribal nations. Thank you for your leadership on behalf of Minnesotans!
Tomorrow I’ll hold an oversight hearing to gather testimony evidence to determine whether the Trump admin violated appropriations law by keeping our national parks open during the government shutdown. Watch live here at 10am ET:
RT @RepTedLieu: Now more than ever we need a leader who is willing to do more than pay lip service to lowering health care costs, rebuildin…
RT @HouseDemocrats: A visionary and revolutionary, #RosaParks changed the course of history by simply saying no. That’s why @HouseDemocrats…
This Wednesday, I’ll hold my first hearing as Chair of the Interior-Environment Appropriations Subcommittee. Oversight accountability is a high priority -- so we’re gathering testimony about whether Trump admin actions violated the law during the #TrumpShutdown.
This #BlackHistoryMonth, we remember the past and recommit to a better future. This means fighting to expand voting rights and implementing policies that make the American Dream more accessible for everyone. Read my full statement:
Notice: We’ve heard from @SocialSecurity about an influx of phone calls received from fraudulent callers claiming to be from the Social Security Administration. Real SSA officials will never try to threaten you for information. Read more here: 
Americans have spoken, and Congress has a responsibility to listen: Health care is a right, not a privilege. That’s why I’ve introduced a constitutional amendment guaranteeing access to health care for all. #HC4All
Skyrocketing prescription drug costs are devastating American families. President Trump needs to work with Congress to develop a real solution that helps seniors, not a handout for #BigPharma.
Last night I joined @BremerBank employees and CEO Jeanne Crain in St. Paul for a conversation about the impacts of the government shutdown on small businesses and family farmers.
RT @MinneapolisFed: Thank you @bettymccollum04 for our conversations today about, among other pressing issues, #Immigration, diversity in…
RT @MNYouth: Big crowd gathered in Minnesota to learn more about the CNCS Transformation and Sustainability Plan. Thanks to the Office of @…
The #BWCA is America's most visited wilderness the region’s economy relies on this system working. Yet the Trump admin shut out local stakeholders who tried to warn them about potential pitfalls.
Proud to be named Vice Chair of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee which oversees over $700bn in federal funds. Looking forward to working with Chair @RepVisclosky @AppropsDems to ensure that the women and men of our Armed Forces have the resources to do their jobs safely.
RT @AppropsDems: Today, @AppropsDems congratulates our 12 new subcommittee Vice Chairs for the 116th Congress, who will work together with…
Not only were park entrance fees not collected during the #TrumpShutdown, but the admin drained millions from the pool of existing fee $ to pay for day-to-day operations. That $ is meant for capital improvement projects, which face a huge backlog.
Ten years after President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, we still have a long way to go until we achieve pay equity. It's past time for the #PaycheckFairness Act. #Ledbetter10
Congratulations to the new Co-Chairs! Your leadership represents a new era for the Native American Caucus. I’m honored to work with you and tribal leaders as Co-Chair Emeritus.
Social Security is a benefit that is earned and deserved – and I’m working to make it financially secure for generations to come. I’m proud to cosponsor the Social Security 2100 Act. #Secure2100
RT @rosadelauro: Women and men doing the same job deserve the same pay—period. That’s why Congress needs to pass the #PaycheckFairness Act.…
Thank you to MN State Rep. @mkuneshpodein for leading this incredibly important work. This Task Force would be a major step forward in reducing violence against Native American and Indigenous women – a group too often left in the shadows.
Why won’t EPA Acting Sec. Wheeler take action to limit Americans’ exposure to toxic chemicals contaminating our drinking water? PFOA PFOS, chemicals linked to cancer, hypertension, other ailments, are present in the bloodstreams of 98% of Americans.
Notice: Due to the dangerously cold winter weather, my St. Paul office will close at 3pm CT today and remain closed through tomorrow (1/30). Safety tips resources are available here:
Record lows are possible with tomorrow’s forecast in the Twin Cities. Stay safe – frostbite can happen in as little as five minutes in such extreme cold.
Sad to hear of Duane Benson's passing. Duane was a dedicated public servant, and it was an honor to serve with him in the MN legislature. His contributions to early childhood education the economic development of our state will be felt for years to come.
Thanks to St. Paul’s @summitbeer for hosting a meeting today w/brewers, distributors, retailers on the shutdown’s impact on the industry. To meet customer demand, they rely on fed. regulators approving labels/permits. Special thanks to State Rep. @LaurieHalverson for joining.
RT @RepDonBeyer: For years Republicans have punished federal employees with political attacks, pay freezes, and Trump’s shutdowns.America…
Joshua Tree other national parks suffered long-term damage from the unnecessary gov’t shutdown. The Trump admin’s decision to keep parks open with inadequate staff and resources requires our oversight.
Not only did the government shutdown cause financial hardship for federal workers their families – it also cost the U.S. economy at least $11 billion in GDP. It's imperative that President Trump stop his threats of another #TrumpShutdown.
RT @NRDems: The blatant, corrupt favoritism shown towards oil gas companies during the #TrumpShutdown makes it clear: the president and h…
ICYMI: Last week, the @StarTribune profiled my work and priorities in the 116th Congress. Read it here:
Congratulations to the eight teachers from South Washington County schools that are in the running for Teacher of the
Even though the gov’t is open again, the damage inflicted on people communities will be felt for a long time. We’re getting to work to clean up the kind of corruption that got us here. @HouseDemocrats are committed to building a better democracy that works #ForThePeople.
The agreement to reopen the gov’t is good news for 800K fed employees, their families, all Americans. Pres. Trump Republicans’ decision to impose a shutdown for political leverage was destructive must never happen again. @SpeakerPelosi deserves credit for standing strong.
Treasury Sec. Wilbur Ross said, ‘I don't quite understand why’ federal workers are visiting food banks. Many workers can’t afford to miss one paycheck, let alone the second they’re missing today. Yes, the Trump admin is out of touch. #EndTheShutdown.
The administration’s actions during the #TrumpShutdown are likely a violation of appropriations law an abuse of federal funds. I’m requesting oversight hearings and seeking public testimony to gather the evidence and hold them accountable.
RT @RepSpanberger: Some people are arguing that the shutdown is about strengthening our national security - but those who know best are say…
FAA is delaying flights at major airports due to staffing shortages caused by the #TrumpShutdown. Forcing air traffic controllers and TSA to work without pay is unfair to these public servants, makes our skies less safe, and hurts the economy.
Tomorrow, valued federal workers will miss their second paycheck. They are being treated like pawns by this president -- and it is just outright cruel. #EndTheShutdown
President Trump and Republicans are willing to inflict pain on millions of Americans, damage our economy, put our nation at risk to get their way – all so the president can keep a campaign promise.
I’m about to speak on the House Floor about the devastating impact the #TrumpShutdown is having on federal employees and their families.
I have serious questions about the Trump administration’s actions during the shutdown and whether or not they are playing favorites and giving special treatment to the oil industry.
Thank you, @RepMikeQuigley. Looking forward to working with you to ensure taxpayer dollars are invested wisely when it comes to protecting public health the environment.
The @EPA is responsible for enforcing the law against those who pollute our air and water. But under the Trump administration, big corporate polluters are getting a pass. Last year, civil fines for pollution dropped by 85%.
As the new Chair of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, Related Agencies, I’m disturbed that Trump admin actions during the shutdown may have violated the law misused federal dollars – so I’ve requested an oversight hearing.
179 House Republicans just voted against a compromise bill to reopen the gov’t. It was negotiated under Republican leadership and is the result of a conference between both parties. No more excuses: Stop holding the gov’t hostage inflicting pain on federal workers.
Programs in the Interior bill impact all of us: from preserving our natural and cultural resources, to ensuring we have clean air to breathe and clean water to drink – today, and for future generations. #EndTheShutdown.
RT @AppropsDems: Interior Environment @AppropsDems Subcommittee Chair @BettyMcCollum04: This bill represents a compromise effort by both…
This bill is the lifeline to restart funding and stop the senseless cruelty of the #TrumpShutdown. Basic services like health clinics food assistance for seniors are at risk for tribal communities. We need to make this right.
I’m delivering remarks on the House Floor shortly in support of H.R. 648, a bipartisan compromise bill which will immediately reopen the government. Republicans should finally join @HouseDemocrats and make sure federal employees can get paid.
Americans have had enough of President Trump’s #CultureofCorruption in Washington. With H.R. 1, @HouseDemocrats will clean it up and restore a government of, by, and #ForThePeople.
RT @AppropsDems: NEW this morning from President Trumps’s CHIEF ECONOMIST: If the #TrumpShutdown continues, we could end up with zero econo…
The public comment period on mineral leases that potentially threaten the #BWCA, our most popular wilderness area, ends tonight. Because it fell over the holidays ongoing gov't shutdown, my colleagues and I are asking for at least a 60-day extension.
RT @StarTribune: U.S. Reps. Betty McCollum, Ilhan Omar and Dean Phillips ask federal regulators to give the public more time to comment on…
Today is the 46th anniversary of Roe v. Wade, the landmark SCOTUS decision enshrining a woman’s constitutional right to a safe and legal abortion. Reproductive rights are in jeopardy now more than ever as the Trump admin continues its attack on women’s health. #FightForRoe
An entire month of the #TrumpShutdown has left American families wondering how they’ll cover basics like rent and groceries. @realDonaldTrump, enough is enough: #EndTheShutdown.
Nearly all fed. funding to tribal communities has stopped under the #TrumpShutdown, impacting healthcare, infrastructure, food distribution. People are suffering, the U.S. is failing to meet treaty obligations to provide these services. #EndTheShutdown
Restricting any transgender American from contributing their skills in service to our Armed Forces–because they are transgender–is state-sponsored discrimination. This right-wing Supreme Court is now Trump’s court, and human rights, civil rights, women’s rights are all at risk.
RT @SpeakerPelosi: This week, @HouseDemocrats will vote on more bipartisan bills to re-open government, and act to bolster funding for bord…
The pristine, clean waters of the #BWCA make it the most visited wilderness in America. @BLMNational must allow the public more time to weigh in on mining leases directly adjacent to the Boundary Waters (and complete a thorough EIS).
Attended breakfast at Mt. Zion Synagogue in St. Paul this morning to celebrate the life and legacy of Dr. King with members of the local community watch the #MLKBreakfastMN broadcast. Wonderful inspiring program calling on us to keep fighting for justice equality for all.
Today and every day, our nation must remain committed to living out the lessons Dr. King prescribed: to speak up and defend our fellow Americans against bigotry and discrimination, and to pursue equality and justice for all.  Read my statement: #MLKDay
Holding the Interior-Environment gavel means putting a spotlight on this administration’s rollbacks on regulations ensuring we have air safe to breathe water safe to drink. I look forward to leading efforts to preserve our pristine places protect public health.
Thank you to the hardworking servicemembers of the @MNNationalGuard 247th Financial Management Detachment for standing up to serve. Wishing you all a safe and successful mission overseas.
Mr. President, open the government – now! We need federal workers on the job getting paid! Dreamers deserve permanent status. The White House Republicans in Congress are using federal workers and Dreamers as pawns. Open the government now!
