This #InternationalWomensDay we stand in solidarity in our fight for full equality for all women in the United States and around the world. Our fight is far from over and we must persist!
Working together, we must get this done—the future literally depends on it.
I intend to co-sponsor the bill in the coming weeks when I also introduce “cap and dividend” legislation to significantly reduce carbon emissions by placing a price on carbon and providing payments to every household in the form of a dividend.
The Green New Deal has sparked a level of grassroots momentum that I believe will help us finally take real action, and I support the proposal as a first step toward tackling climate change.
97% of Americans say they'd support legislation on universal background checks. The House already passed it and @LindseyGrahamSC said that he might have the Senate Judiciary Committee work on it. Let’s stop wasting time, get a hearing on the calendar, and get this passed ASAP.
The House just took a huge step to protect the right to vote and get secret money out of our elections. #HR1 includes the DISCLOSE Act, which I helped pass back in 2010 when I was the House. Sadly, it died in the Senate. Now we have another opportunity. Let’s get this done!
As promised, I wrote to Attorney General Barr regarding @JaneMayerNYer’s report that President Trump may have exerted undue influence on the Department of Justice to benefit those he considers to be “allies” and retaliate against those he views as “enemies.”
Today, on the 54th Anniversary of #BloodySunday, as we honor the civil rights leaders who kept marching for justice in the face of evil brutality—we owe it to them to fight harder for voting rights each and every day through policy, daily discourse, and activism.
Exactly right. The United States should not sit on our hands as reports of North Korea’s efforts to build up their nuclear capabilities continue to stream in. Congress must act and pass the Otto Warmbier #BRINKAct.
I just finished an event where I walked through SEC Commissioner Jackson’s data on stock buybacks. It revealed that CEOs are selling high to maximize their personal profits despite the cost to their workers and shareholders. Will the SEC reconsider regulations on this now?
Learning how to take a quality selfie from the wise 6th graders from Monarch Global Academy, based in Laurel. Thanks for visiting Capitol Hill!
While the House votes to condemn anti-Semitism, it should also vote to condemn Islamophobia, racism, and bigotry in all its forms, including the virulent anti-Muslim actions directed against @Ilhan.
RT @SenateDems: “He has been the Trump admin's point man at DOJ to try to destroy the ACA and eliminate the protections the ACA has brought…
You pay a sales tax on clothes and other items, so why shouldn’t Wall Street pay a small fee on their financial transactions? @BrianSchatz and I want to change that. Our #WallStreetTax curbs risky behavior like high-speed trading and increases revenue to invest in our economy.
Senate Republicans have a clear choice: Protect people with pre-existing conditions or vote for a Trumpian nominee who filed the very brief that urged a judge to overturn key parts of the Affordable Care Act. Do the right thing, vote no on Chad Readler.
RT @mitchellreports: .@ChrisVanHollen: We just learned from the International Atomic Energy Agency that North Korea is proceeding with its…
We must strengthen our efforts to get meaningful concessions from North Korea. That’s why I’m reintroducing the Otto Warmbier #BRINKAct with @SenToomey. It severs Kim Jong Un’s economic lifeline by imposing tough sanctions on those doing business with his regime.
Just filed: The Otto Warmbier #BRINKAct. @SenToomey and I introduced this bill last Congress but with Senate rules, we have to reintroduce it during the new session. Will plug holes in our sanctions regime by cutting off North Korea’s access to the international financial system.
I was proud to serve as Honorary Chair of the @TheChildrensInn’s Congressional Reception. The Inn is a refuge for families enduring serious health challenges. I will keep fighting for policies and funding to prevent childhoods from being interrupted by devastating illnesses.
The team over at @Tracyskidsdc does amazing work to help children who are battling cancer. It was an honor to attend their ribbon cutting ceremony to launch their new program! Now families at @WRBethesda will be able to benefit from their art therapy with a smile.
If this report is true, it is deeply troubling. Mergers need to be closely examined and reviewed on their merits—not because the President wants to retaliate against a news organization. I’ll be writing to the DOJ to get to the bottom of this and make sure it never happens again.
RT @MSEAeducators: "I hope you will join me and thousands of other educators, students, and parents to say that in Maryland we need to do b…
Trump needs to make it crystal clear: If Turkey purchases the Russian S-400 system from Putin, it will not receive the F-35. Period. Turkey must not be allowed to compromise the safety of our pilots and the security of NATO. Do they want to quit NATO?
The President cannot go around our system of checks and balances—and the Congress—to build his wall. Republicans must do the right thing and stand up against the President’s unconstitutional emergency declaration.
At every turn, Trump sides with dictators and despots instead of our allies and the American people. His words and his actions undermine our national security interests and our values around the world. He should immediately apologize to the Warmbier family.
RT @ChrisVanHollen: I gave this speech back in April about Andrew Wheeler when I voted against his nomination to be Deputy Administrator of…
After I saw Otto Warmbier’s parents, I vowed to never forget their pain from losing a child in this unspeakable way. Knowing that Trump also met with them, I don’t know how he could say this. We cannot give Kim Jong Un a free pass for torturing and murdering one of our own.
At this moment of growing harm from climate change, appointing someone to lead the EPA who has vigorously opposed our efforts to reduce carbon pollution.... would be like putting the Monopoly Man in charge of regulating big banks. I'm voting no on Andrew Wheeler to head the EPA.
History was made today in the House. A bill to ensure universal background checks passed 240-190—including some Republicans! For all the sweat, tears, and activism that often felt hopeless—this is an example of why speaking out matters. Next? Time for the Senate to follow suit.
I was watching the Michael Cohen hearing closely today and will do everything in my power to get to the truth. But one person we can be grateful for right now: @RepCummings. We are lucky to have him representing Maryland as the Chairman of the House Oversight Committee.
At this moment in time, as Congress considers President Trump’s unnecessary declaration of emergency powers for the sole purpose of overriding Congressional appropriations, it is important for us to consider the wise words of George Washington.
For too long, racial slurs have been used to oppress people of color. Public servants that use this type of bigoted language should be held accountable. Words have consequences. Delegate Lisanti must do the right thing and resign.
In America, we wait longer to access our money than in other countries—costing hardworking families billions by incurring overdraft fees or payday loan rates. It’s nuts that the @federalreserve hasn’t fixed this. We have the technology. The Fed needs to act.
The President’s decision to withdraw from the INF Treaty was reckless and short-sighted — and represents a win for Moscow and a loss for our NATO partners. The #PACTAct would assure our allies that we don't want a new nuclear arms race and have a plan moving forward.
RT @EPA: Today EPA announced a $202M loan to modernize Baltimore’s wastewater infrastructure. This WIFIA loan will help finance infrastruct…
I was pleased to work with the @EPA and Baltimore leaders to secure $202M in federal funds to help finance water infrastructure upgrades. This loan will help provide safe drinking water, reduce pollution in our rivers and Bay, and save Baltimore residents $40M+ on water bills.
Once again, the Trump Administration is putting up obstacles to prevent women from getting the reproductive health care they need. These draconian policies have no place in America. We cannot let them get away with this.  #NoGagRule 
We are now less safe because of the President’s “national emergency.” Maryland could stand to lose hundreds of millions in military funding for projects. I’m glad that @BrianFrosh is leading the charge to hold President Trump accountable for this clear abuse of executive power.
Last week, I questioned the President’s nominee for Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency. Bad practices by big banks have harmed minority communities throughout Maryland. We must fight discrimination in all its forms, including the illegal practice of redlining.
It was great to spend some time with Marylanders who are part of the @SpecialOlympics and hear their stories! They are part of a global movement aimed at promoting inclusion and community, where every single person is accepted and welcomed, regardless of ability or disability.
I need my Republican colleagues to express more than “disappointment” about the president’s unlawful power grab. That press conference was truly bonkers even by Trump standards. Our constituents sent us to Congress to pledge allegiance to the Constitution—not the president.
While I wish Shannon Kent would have been able to add Ph.D. to her title, her posthumous promotion to the rank of Senior Chief Petty Officer is well-deserved. The sacrifices she made for our country and her commitment to service will not be forgotten. 
RT @nowthisnews: .@SenTinaSmith and Sen. @ChrisVanHollen are not going to let federal contract workers get screwed over by Trump again
It would be a gross abuse of power—and likely illegal—for President Trump to go around Congress to fund his wall. Inventing an unnecessary national emergency would be a power grab that would likely be blocked by the courts.
Today marks one year since 17 people were killed in Parkland. But the courage of students from Florida, Maryland, and across the country has renewed our fight to end the bloodshed. With Democratic control of the House, we must build momentum to enact life-saving measures.
Donald Trump has a history of stiffing his own contractors, but he is no longer running a shady business—he’s in charge of running the government. Federal contractors went without pay for 35 days because of a shutdown created by him. They deserve this back pay.
It's shameful that President Trump says he will block our provision to include back pay for federal contract workers. I will keep fighting for that, but this bill will keep the government open and invest in important priorities for Maryland and the country.
RT @ChrisVanHollen: I will vote no on William Barr. Before he was nominated, he wrote a memo undermining the legitimacy of Mueller’s probe.…
I will vote no on William Barr. Before he was nominated, he wrote a memo undermining the legitimacy of Mueller’s probe. He can’t be trusted to be impartial or ensure that we all see the Special Counsel's findings. Our Attorney General must respect the law, not put Trump above it.
John, we both know that the shutdown happened because the President walked away from Mr. McConnell's bipartisan funding bill in December—and he was proud to do it. Let's not try to rewrite history, let's just get it done. After all, TX gets more federal contract dollars than MD.
I certainly hope this isn’t true. It would be cruel and unnecessary to block back pay for federal contract workers who lost more than a month of wages and are still behind on bills due to President Trump’s shutdown. Many of them work low-wage jobs and live paycheck-to-paycheck.
As the master of the politics of hate, racism, division, and stereotyping—and the author of the bigoted “Muslim Ban”—you, @realDonaldTrump, have NO standing to pass judgment on anyone. She’s apologized, when will
Congressman Walter Jones will be remembered by those who knew him as a man of great courage, honor, and dedication to our military service members. Even until his last days, Walter worked hard to look out for those who risked everything to serve our country.
Statements that reinforce hateful stereotypes of any group or religion are unacceptable. We must fight every day to ensure they have no place in our country and political dialogue. Representative Omar’s apology was necessary and appropriate.
I’m game. What do you think @ChrisMurphyCT and @ChrisCoons? @ChrisEvans should be an honorary member to make us, well, cooler.
There might be a few folks named Chris in the Senate, but it’s not every day you get to meet a Chris who also happens to be Captain America! Thanks to @ChrisEvans for dropping by to talk about civic engagement and how to engage in bipartisan dialogue.
RT @Orioles: A tribute to Frank, forever in our hearts, forever an Orioles Legend. #Frank20
When I threw out the first pitch at an @Orioles game back in 2017, they asked me what number I wanted to wear and the answer was easy: #20 in honor of Frank Robinson. He was a legend, a trailblazer, and a civil rights leader. RIP, Frank. #Frank20
John Dingell, the “Dean of the House”, was a man of character, determination and wit. He fought fiercely for civil rights, clean air + water, and his dream of universal health care. I was lucky to call him a friend. Katherine and I send our love to Debbie and his family.
Big banks in 2017: Don't worry, we'll take the billions we got from Trump's tax plan to help workers and boost small businesses! Big Banks in 2019: Just kidding, our corporate executives and wealthy stockholders come first! Instead, we're laying off thousands of workers.
RT @YahooFinance: Highlight: Senator @ChrisVanHollen on Trump's call for paid family leave: "The devil is always in the details. ... We, of…
In stark contrast to the President’s speech, @staceyabrams gave a powerful rebuttal that laid out a vision of an America we should all be striving to achieve. Well done. #SOTU
It turns out, #SOTU doesn’t get better the second time around. We mostly heard re-runs of the same division and dishonesty that has become the hallmark of this presidency. But I know Americans are hungry for real, bipartisan solutions. Speak out and make your voice heard.
RT @ABC7News: Lila Johnson, 71, is a federally contracted janitor who, unlike federal employees, hasn't gotten back pay from the 35-day gov…
Ms. Johnson and I are about to head over to the Capitol to watch the State of the Union, but we have something to say to President Trump and my colleagues before the speech. ↓
Behind the scenes with my #SOTU guest, Ms. Lila Johnson. As she said on @MSNBC earlier, the President didn’t promise to hold the American people hostage and put them out of work. He promised to make their situation better. Yet, he has only made life harder for working families.
Today would have been Trayvon Martin’s 24th birthday. For Trayvon, for Freddie Gray, and for far too many others, we have so much work to do. No parent should wake up in the morning in fear that their child is at risk simply because of the color of their skin. We must do better.
I just heard that my #SOTU guest, Lila Johnson, is on her way to Capitol Hill! She provides janitorial services at @USDA and was locked out of her job during the shutdown. Please help me raise awareness about the urgent need to provide back pay to federal contract workers!
There will be a number of "takes" after the President's speech tonight. But nothing he says will change the fact that the health of our democracy is eroding because of his constant attacks on our civil liberties, press freedoms, and democratic principles we've fought so hard for.
Like civil servants, federal contract workers deserve to be made whole after the shutdown. Watch @SenTinaSmith and I talk about why we’re fighting to get our bill across the finish line. And please retweet to spread the word and ensure they receive back pay!
My #SOTU guest? Maryland’s own Lila Johnson. Ms. Johnson has worked as a cleaning services contractor at @USDA for 21 years, and right now she gets no back pay from the shutdown. I’m working to change that, and I hope her story will inspire my colleagues and the President to act.
Governor Northam: From your neighboring state across the Potomac River, please do the right thing for our region and the country—resign. Your actions have been unacceptable and your explanation inadequate.
I worked on the ratification of the INF Treaty as a staff member on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Trump’s decision to rip up Reagan’s agreement will harm the U.S. and NATO security while strengthening Putin’s hand. Congress must now pass the Prevention of Arms Race Act.
Millions of Americans rely on their #SocialSecurity benefits to ensure they have the true economic freedom and security they have worked so hard to acquire. That’s why strengthening benefits and extending solvency for future generations must be a top priority. #Secure2100
We must keep fighting to secure back pay for federal contract workers, who perform some of the most thankless yet essential jobs that support our government. We are waiting for a response from @RussVought45—but in the meantime, we are working on a bill to address this inequality.
10 years ago today, @BarackObama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act into law. It was a major step forward on equal pay for equal work, but we're not done. The determination of Lilly, @SenatorBarb, and so many other champions for equal rights keeps us moving forward.
Shortly, I’ll be joining @SenTinaSmith, @RepPressley, and the @SEIU to talk about the urgent need to pass our bill to ensure that low-wage federal contractors, who were hurt by the Trump Shutdown, receive back pay as well.
RT @SenAngusKing: For more than a month, hundreds of thousands of public servants went without pay. They were collateral damage in an unrel…
Now that the longest government shutdown in history is finally over, the Trump Administration needs to provide back pay to federal workers as soon as possible. We just sent a bipartisan letter to @Weichert45 to make sure there’s no further delay. Every single day counts.
Today, we remember the six million Jews murdered by the Nazis during the Holocaust. We recommit ourselves to fight anti-Semitism and all forms of bigotry wherever they raise their ugly heads. Silence and inaction are the accomplices to evil. #HolocaustMemorialDay
As we make sure our civil servants get paid, we can't forget about federal service contractors. They too have suffered from the shutdown and are facing mounting bills that many of them can't afford. As these negotiations continue, we cannot forget them.
Last night, @SenatorCardin and I introduced a bipartisan funding bill to reopen the government for 3 weeks, get federal workers paid and back to work, and move forward with negotiations. President Trump now supports this idea. Let’s get this voted on today and get back to work.
I filed an amendment with a bipartisan group of senators—Cardin, Graham, Warner, Murkowski, Kaine, and others—to fund the government for the next three weeks. It's straight funding with no gimmicks and gives us breathing room to hammer out a long-term solution. Let’s pass it.
After today’s failed vote to reopen the government until February 8th, I’m on the floor with a bipartisan group of senators to discuss the need to end the shutdown and find common ground. Tune into our colloquy:
Day 34 of the Trump Shutdown. Under the direction of the President, Senate Republicans blocked a proposal to reopen the government until February 8th. This would have allowed federal employees to get back to work and receive their back pay while we work out a long-term solution.
This Administration is so out of touch. There was a long line at @chefjoseandres’ food bank yesterday, and the same is true across my state. Go meet with them, @SecretaryRoss, and you’ll see what living without a paycheck for 34 days does to a family trying to feed their kids.
Damage from the shutdown grows by the day. @SenatorCardin and I met with small business owners to discuss how they are being harmed. Today, we need 60 votes to at least open the government until February 8th and use this time to end the madness.
Stopped by @WCKitchen to see the great work @chefjoseandres is doing and meet with furloughed federal workers. If you are impacted by the shutdown, you can grab a hot meal and to-go items at from 11am–6pm daily at 701 Pennsylvania Ave NW. #ChefsForFeds
RT @NewsHour: WATCH on #Periscope: Republican @SenatorRounds and Democratic Sen. @ChrisVanHollen talk to @JudyWoodruff about the ongoing pa…
This weekend, I had the opportunity to celebrate the legacy of Dr. King and speak about my work in the Senate to support historically black colleges and universities with @UNCF. Maryland’s HBCUs produce $1B in economic growth, over 9K jobs, and $9.5B in lifetime earnings.
Tomorrow the Senate should vote “yes” on a narrow proposal to reopen the government until February 8th, pay our civil servants, and find an end to the shutdown. It’s time for Senate Republicans to vote to stop punishing federal workers and the country.
This is heartbreaking and enraging. The shutdown has brought domestic violence shelters to the brink—imperiling life-or-death services for women. Mr. President, is this what you meant when you said you would be “proud” to shut down the government?
I was on the floor an hour ago insisting that if we vote on President Trump’s proposal we should also vote on the House bill to reopen the government. McConnell just agreed to vote on both.
It was an honor to celebrate #MLKDay at the @NAACP in Charles County and rededicate ourselves to his mission. Dr. King warned that “progress is neither automatic nor inevitable” and that justice requires “the tireless exertions and passionate concern of dedicated individuals."
Open the government immediately and then let’s have a serious conversation about border security and immigration issues where all sides can present their ideas.
Today I joined volunteers to collect food at the Westfield Wheaton @GiantFood for the @MannaFoodCenter. If you're a federal worker impacted by the shutdown, they've waived income requirements for those in need. Thanks to all the volunteers—a great way to honor Dr. King’s legacy.
It was great to join activists today ahead of the @WomensMarch. Just this week, the GOP voted to restrict women's reproductive rights instead of ending the government shutdown. You deserve better. That is why we stand together today and continue to fight for a more perfect union.
Don’t know what Trump will say tomorrow in his “major” announcement, but the only “Crisis” now is the one he created by shutting down the government. Total abuse of power to claim emergency powers when you are the cause of crisis.
For Marylanders like Lila Johnson, who has worked at the @USDA as a general cleaning services contractor for 21 years, we need to pass the Fair Compensation for Low-Wage Contractor Employees Act. This bill will make sure she gets back pay when the shutdown ends.
RT @ChrisVanHollen: I’ve been meeting with workers impacted by the Trump-McConnell Shutdown. But I know there are more who have been hurt b…
At a time when @wmata is undertaking substantial projects to improve safety and reliability, President Trump’s shutdown is jeopardizing the health and stability of the entire Metro system. This wasteful, destructive shutdown must come to an end.
Here’s an idea: the Senate should be voting on bills to end the shutdown, not to restrict women’s reproductive rights. This is what happens when you stop working for your constituents and start contracting out your constitutional responsibilities to Trump. This is nuts.
I’ve been meeting with workers impacted by the Trump-McConnell Shutdown. But I know there are more who have been hurt by this crisis—so I’m expanding my efforts. If you or someone you love has been hurt by the shutdown, share your story → #ShutdownStories
As the shutdown continues, we now have an explosive IG report saying the Administration has no idea how many immigrant children were taken from their parents at the border. I saw first-hand in Texas how damaging the family separation policy was. This is our worst fears realized.
RT @SenateDems: Because of the #TrumpShutdown, hundreds of thousands of workers aren't getting paid.@ChrisVanHollen asks: “Why won’t the…
The last time I checked, the Environmental Protection Agency’s mission says nothing about leading border security efforts. So why won’t President Trump sign a bipartisan bill to fund the agency? Unsurprisingly, Andrew Wheeler had no good answer.
The good news: Our bill to ensure back pay for federal workers has been signed into law. The bad news: Americans are still being denied services and federal + contract workers are missing paychecks as the GOP holds the country hostage to Trump’s demands.End this madness!
Mr. President, we’re asking you to meet with the federal employees who are working without pay or furloughed because of the shutdown and listen to their stories. Their struggles are real and immediate—and deserve more than flippant comments. Will you, @realDonaldTrump?
RT @FitzFox5DC: #HappeningNow @Fox5DC: Maryland Senator @ChrisVanHollen and Minnesota Senator @TinaSmithMN are holding a roundtable in the…
Federal service contractors perform some of the most thankless yet essential jobs for our government. These are often low-wage jobs that require workers to live paycheck to paycheck. Tune in to hear about our bill to ensure that they receive back pay.
RT @DSenFloor: .@ChrisVanHollen asked unanimous consent to pass a spending bill to reopen the Department of Homeland Security. Sen. McConne…
Every week the Trump Shutdown continues, it costs our country billions while families suffer and federal workers and contractors go without pay. I’ll be on the floor asking @senatemajldr to stop outsourcing his constitutional responsibilities and end this.
We have a proposal from the House to end the shutdown—which the Senate should pass without delay. This shutdown has gone on for 25 days because McConnell refuses to allow a vote. Around 11am, I will again ask for unanimous consent to open the government. Tune in here on Twitter.
Like whack-a-mole, it is hard to keep track of all the harm popping up in the wake of Trump’s foreign policy choices. Obama’s opening to Cuba helped strengthen Cuba’s dynamic entrepreneurs while Trump is helping finance Cuba’s military. So stupid.
Americans need their tax refunds on time. But right now, 88% of IRS staff have been locked out of their jobs because of the shutdown. Now, the President wants to declare certain staff as essential to hide the impacts of the shutdown. This is insane, just open the government!
RT @KasieDC: WATCH: Sen @ChrisVanHollen says Trump cannot relate to the 800K people who did not receive a paycheck as a result of this "sha…
Today marks a shameful historical milestone—the longest government shutdown ever. Sen. McConnell, this week we will again move to vote on the two bipartisan House bills to end the shutdown. Stop being an accomplice to the Trump Shutdown. Release the hostages. Let’s vote!
As the shutdown continues, our federal workers shouldn’t face losing their homes or defaulting on their student loans because @SenateGOP are taking orders from the President instead of the people they represent. I've teamed up with @BrianSchatz to protect our civil servants.
Ending this shutdown is in the hands of President Trump and Senate Republicans—but they refuse to support the House-passed measure to reopen the government. I stood with Marylanders this week in Silver Spring to demand that we end the shutdown and get the government back to work!
A Maryland mom had to setup a @gofundme account to pay for her son’s college tuition because she is furloughed. The phones of community colleges are ringing off the hook from parents and students who don’t know how they will afford their next tuition payment.
��Our bill to provide back pay to federal workers impacted by the shutdown just passed the House and is headed to the President’s desk. But as hundreds of thousands of federal employees get a paycheck for $0 today, they cannot afford to wait. Time to end the shutdown!
Federal contractor employees, including janitors and security guards, have been hit hard by the shutdown. Many live paycheck to paycheck and are struggling to make ends meet. As we work to open the government, I'm asking @RussVought45 to ensure they get the back pay they deserve.
The Senate just passed my bill with @SenatorCardin to guarantee that all federal employees get paid after the shutdown. While this gives them much-needed certainty, they shouldn’t be forced to go without a paycheck at all. Let’s end the shutdown and reopen the government!
In front of the @AFLCIO, I stood in solidarity with with furloughed federal workers, unions, and grassroots organizations. The @SenateGOP should not be contracting out their constitutional responsibilities to Trump. Last time I checked, we are a separate branch of government.
McConnell refused. Senate Republicans and President Trump are the only people keeping the government closed—while families suffer, small businesses are denied support, and 800,000+ federal employees face bills and no paychecks.
In a few moments, @SenatorCardin and I will be on the Senate floor asking @SenateGOP for unanimous consent to reopen the government. Will they say yes or let our civil servants and the American people down? Tune in.
We are quickly approaching the longest government shutdown in history with no end in sight.The President continues to play political games.Meanwhile, our civil servants don't know how they will pay their rent, childcare, and other mounting bills.Where are his priorities?
RT @OnPointRadio: With no end to the shutdown in sight, President Trump has said he is still considering declaring a national emergency to…
True to form, Trump’s entire primetime television address was a disinformation campaign without any concern for the damage his shutdown is doing to our country. People deserve the truth—I’ll be fact-checking the speech with @Lawrence on MSNBC around 10:15pm. Tune in.
Ahead of the President’s speech tonight, which will likely be chock-full of misinformation and malice, I’m headed to the Senate floor to share the facts about the damage being done by the Trump Shutdown. I hope you’ll take a moment to tune in
News from the Senate floor: @SenateDems heard your call and said clearly that ending the Trump Shutdown must be our first order of business. McConnell can and should bring the bipartisan House-passed bills to reopen the government up for a vote right away. Keep speaking out!
Senate Republicans want to vote tonight as if a large part of the government isn’t shut down. I’m joining @SenatorCardin, @MarkWarner, and @TimKaine to urge our colleagues to stand up and say no. Our first vote must be to reopen the government.
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Dear Colleague letter from @ChrisVanHollen @timkaine @MarkWarner @SenatorCardin asking the Dem Caucus to vote against…
RT @thehill: Sen. Chris Van Hollen: "The government shutdown is a slap in the face to the country and to hardworking federal employees ." h…
President Trump’s shutdown is being aided and abetted by Senate Republicans, who refuse to allow a vote on the bills that the House has already passed to re-open the government. Join the growing momentum, RT to demand that ending the shutdown must be our first order of business!
RT @nowthisnews: SHUTDOWN SITDOWN: Sen. Chris Van Hollen (D-MD) joins a roundtable talk with federal employees who have been temporarily la…
RT @AimeeCho4: “A SHUTDOWN IS A SLAP IN THE FACE TO FEDERAL EMPLOYEES”: Maryland senator @ChrisVanHollen holding a round table with federal…
You’re missing the point. It’s not about which bill we’re voting on. It's about the fact that McConnell has the power to bring up the bipartisan House-passed bills today and end this shutdown and we need to make that the first order of business.
RT @ChrisVanHollen: Senate Democrats should block consideration of any bills unrelated to opening the government until Sen. Mitch McConnell…
RT @SenatorCardin: Agreed. This isn’t business as usual. This is a crisis, a fundamental failure to govern, and Americans are suffering for…
RT @benwikler: This. A million times this.
Senate Democrats should block consideration of any bills unrelated to opening the government until Sen. Mitch McConnell and Senate Republicans allow a vote on the bipartisan bills the House passed to open the government. Mitch, don’t delay. Let’s vote!
Not only is Trump open to keeping the government shutdown for YEARS, but he’s claiming that federal employees support this chaos? Delusional. More than 800,000 federal employees are working without pay or furloughed completely—they don't want this. End it!
RT @SenateDems: The President told the country that he would be "proud" to shut down the government. Now he is pointing fingers at everyone…
The key to ending the shutdown is in President Trump’s hands. With his support, the Senate could move immediately to pass the House’s bipartisan legislation. I gave the Weekly Democratic Address to talk about how it’s time to end this government shutdown once and for all.
The House has passed two bills to fully open the government. Now the Senate should pass them immediately. Many Senate Republicans have already voted for these funding levels but McConnell so far refuses to allow a vote. Tell him to stop bowing to Trump and let democracy work!
Congrats to my good friend and colleague @SenatorCardin on being sworn in to his third term! Together, we will continue fighting every day for Maryland families and working to improve our economy and ensure opportunity for all.
Last night @chrislhayes and I talked about how the House will pass a bill today to end the shutdown. The Senate should do the same. But McConnell is doing the President’s bidding and holding the government hostage. Republicans must stop playing games and fund our government.
.@NASANewHorizons helped us all ring in the New Year with an amazing view of #UltimaThule — the most distant planetary flyby in history! Congrats to everyone at NASA and their partner @JHUAPL for their huge achievement.
This past year, I’ve seen Marylanders from all walks of life come together to spread a message that is both timeless and urgent: one of hope, decency, and unity. Let’s summon that human spirit as we refresh our democracy renew our country in 2019. Happy New Year, Maryland!
This shutdown isn’t enough for Trump. His pay freeze for civil servants is going into effect—while hundreds of thousands of them are furloughed or working without pay. I’m pushing for a 1.9% COLA on the appropriations bill, and I won’t stop until we get it done.
On behalf of the Van Hollen family, Happy Holidays! We hope you’ll find time to rest, reflect, and rejuvenate as we head into 2019. And for those of you who cannot be with your families—including many of our troops—we express our gratitude and wish you a safe holiday season.
President Trump clearly is not only allergic to the truth, but has fits when other people stand up to him to tell the truth—like Jim Mattis and Bob Corker. Scary times for the country when the president hates the truth.
The Trump Tax Plan—signed one year ago—did nothing to boost workers’ real wages. The promised $4,000 pay hikes never materialized. And now, a year later, Trump is furloughing more than 380,000 federal employees right before the holidays. This is Trump World.
President Trump kowtowed to Putin. Now he's taking orders from Erdogan to withdraw our forces from Syria so Turkey can attack the Kurds—our key ally in the fight against ISIS. While Trump shuts down the government, he has undermined our national security once again.
The government just shut down because the President threw a temper tantrum to satisfy conservative talking heads, and Republicans let him get away with it. This is not normal and will hurt both our government and our economy. Congressional Republicans need to stop this madness.
The government shuts down at midnight. I gave an update to @chrislhayes on the latest in our fight to keep the government open and ensure that federal employees are not punished for political dysfunction they had nothing to do with!
Just got back. The Senate has passed our bill to make sure our federal workforce will still get paid if there's a shutdown. The House should pass it immediately. But there doesn’t need to shutdown. President Trump and Republicans must put politics aside and fund our government.
On the Senate floor with @SenatorCardin to ask McConnell to bring our bill to guarantee back pay for furloughed federal workers to a vote. Federal workers deserve to know that if the Trump Shutdown happens they won’t be punished.
President Trump said he would be “proud” to shut down the government. Now, as always, he wants to duck responsibility. He'll sow chaos across the country—all because he couldn’t keep his promise that Mexico—not taxpayers—would pay for his stupid wall. I'm coming back to vote NO.
RT @ChrisVanHollen: Paul Ryan should be ashamed that in his final act as Speaker he has again become a pawn of President Trump. Why not all…
RT @wbalradio: Reaction to latest shutdown threat from @ChrisVanHollen.
Paul Ryan should be ashamed that in his final act as Speaker he has again become a pawn of President Trump. Why not allow a vote on a bipartisan Senate bill and let democracy work in the House? Why do the President’s bidding? This is a cowardly way to govern.
Mr. President, yesterday you said we had defeated ISIS. Today you say that Russia is unhappy because they will have to fight ISIS. The reality is Russia, Turkey, and others are happy you abandoned our key partners in the fight against ISIS, the Syrian Kurds. Weak.
We had a bipartisan vote in the Senate to keep the government open. In his final days, Speaker Ryan must do the right thing and let democracy work its will. House Republicans should not be minions of Trump, scampering down to the White House. Pass the bill and stop the shutdown!
Trump has refused to provide federal employees with a modest cost of living increase. That’s why I am still pushing to get a COLA passed before January 1st. If that is blocked, then it should be a priority for early next year. Civil servants aren't the President’s punching bag.
It's been four years since I traveled to Cuba to bring @AlanPGross home. Even after five years in a Cuban prison, he never lost hope and was a catalyst for opening a new chapter with Cuba. Now he is fighting back against Trump’s efforts to reverse the progress that was made.
For all the cynicism about Congress being unable to accomplish anything, there was a little ray of light as we head into the New Year: the Senate took a positive step to reform our broken criminal justice system by passing the #FirstStepAct.
RT @TeamCavuto: .@ChrisVanHollen to Neil: This is not about whether we need border security, we need border security. It's about not wastin…
The Senate Intelligence Committee released a bipartisan report that shows that Russia waged a “propaganda war against American citizens” and tried to suppress African American voters to help elect Donald Trump. For a year, I have pushed to pass the DETER Act, Let's get it done.
We are working hard to avoid a shutdown. This isn’t about border security—which we support on a bipartisan basis. This is about not wasting taxpayer dollars on an unnecessary wall. I hope Trump has finally realized what a mistake it would be for him to shut down the government.
This tells you everything you need to know about our President. He used his personal charity for private gain in what the authorities described as “persistently illegal conduct.” Now he is using the White House to enrich himself and his
Last year, I spoke to a crowd at @BowieState about our battle to protect the Affordable Care Act. Since then, we've stopped multiple attempts by Republicans to dismantle our health care system. Now, with the ruling from Texas, we must again unite to fight back. RT if you’re in.
It's a good day for metro riders. We’re ending the inconvenient Grosvenor station turnaround. Now every Red Line train will go through to Shady Grove. This will help thousands of riders. Next, let’s end the Silver Spring turnaround so every train goes through to Glenmont.
The Senate just voted to move the #FirstStepAct forward. It’s an important step in our struggle to reform our broken criminal justice system. The final vote is expected tomorrow and I’ll oppose “poison pill” amendments so we can make sure it passes with strong bipartisan support.
Last week, I met with the terrific @PresBreaux, students, and faculty at @BowieState to learn more about innovative programs on campus, including the new opioid peer recovery training course in the Counseling Department and the cutting edge nursing simulation lab. Great visit!
Keep speaking out about the corruption that plagues this Administration. Ryan Zinke was following the example of his boss, the President—abusing the public trust for their own personal benefit. Drain the Trump swamp!
RT @HealthCareGov: The recent federal court decision is still moving through the courts, and the exchanges are still open for business and…
A federal judge in Texas ruled the entire Affordable Care Act unconstitutional. This includes striking down protections for people with pre-existing conditions—just like the President urged him to do. If upheld, this will threaten protections for millions. We must fight back.
There should be no reason why General Motors continues to use their profits to give billions to their executives and stockholders while laying off American workers.
The Trump Tax Plan created new incentives to offshore American jobs. Is General Motors affected by these new incentives? Will they eliminate future stock buybacks? In light of the recent layoffs announced by the company, we need to get to the bottom of this.
Open Enrollment ends December 15th. That means you only have a couple days left to sign up for health insurance. You can #GetCovered for as little as $50-$100 a month. Go to today!
I was proud to stand with my Senate colleagues to send a strong message to the Saudis and to President Trump by passing the Yemen War Powers Resolution. We must not be complicit in this devastating war—which has left tens of thousands dead and millions on the brink of starvation.
Stock buybacks are now over $800B in 2018—enough to give more than $5,000 to every American payroll employee. Yet workers’ paychecks are barely keeping up. I raised this issue directly with SEC Chairman this week, who said he'd work with us on this issue. Let's keep up the fight.
We've always made bipartisan agreements on border security—but President Trump refuses anything but an ineffective and costly wall. He says he'd be “proud” to shut down the government if he doesn’t get taxpayers to foot the bill. Didn’t he tell us Mexico was going to pay for it?
Americans are sick of all the secret, dark money pouring into our elections. I stood with @RonWyden and @SenatorTester on the vote to overturn @USTreasury's policy that would have eliminated the donor information that certain groups have to provide. Now the House must act!
De-escalating the Trump Trade War with China should operate on a separate track from holding Huawei accountable for violating our laws. The President shouldn't engage in or tolerate efforts to undermine the rule of law to gain an advantage in a tariff negotiation. Very dangerous.
BIG NEWS! The new Farm Bill includes $300M to help restore critical areas like the Chesapeake Bay and important reforms that I introduced in the Chesapeake Bay Farm Bill Enhancements Act. Thanks to @SenPatRoberts, @SenStabenow, and all our partners for working with me on this!
In June, a gunman opened fire at @capgaznews and murdered 5 Marylanders: Gerald Fischman, Rob Hiaasen, John McNamara, Wendi Winters, and Rebecca Smith. The staff still put out a newspaper the next day. And as @chaseacook would say—they have put out a damn paper every day since.
For the first time in a decade, @MarylandMSoccer won the National Championship. @SenatorCardin and I are working on a resolution to commemorate the team—in the meantime, please join me in congratulating the Terps on this HUGE win! #FeartheTurtle #TerpsNation
RT @CNNnewsroom: Senator @ChrisVanHollen tells @BriKeilarCNN he supports an investigation into the Saudi crown prince’s relationship with J…
I’m introducing the Keep Our PACT Act to support our nation’s students. This bill will establish a fiscally-responsible path to fully fund IDEA and other federal education funding commitments. It’s time we kept our promises to all our students.
We are writing to @SecPompeo about violations of human rights, the breakdown in the rule of law, and elections fraud in Cameroon. We must hold the Cameroonian government accountable for its abuses, including through targeted sanctions and conditions on security assistance.
Do you or someone you know need health insurance? There’s just a little over a week left to #GetCovered for 2019:
Huawei and ZTE are two sides of the same coin—Chinese telecommunications companies that represent a risk to American national security. We need a comprehensive plan to hold China and their state-sponsored entities accountable for gross violations of our laws.
RT @ChrisVanHollen: Kathy Kraninger, President Trump’s nominee to head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, came before the Senate Ban…
RT @USGLC: That’s a wrap on another amazing #USGLCTribute Dinner. Thank you to all of our speakers, honorees, guests, and partners who made…
Today, we’ll sit down with General Motors Chairman and CEO Mary Barra. We plan to get answers as to why @GM wants to shut down their White Marsh plant and ask them to reconsider. I stand with the hundreds of Marylanders who work there and will keep fighting for their jobs.
There's not a lot of Space between them anymore! Congratulations to @OSIRISREx on finally reaching asteroid Bennu—now it will survey the land for a sample to bring back to Earth for further examination. Maryland’s own @NASAGoddard is once again a leader in scientific discovery.
It’s always good to be in Prince George’s County! Last week, I hosted a holiday open house in my Largo office to celebrate the season and discuss ways my office can be of help to the community.
