My bill, the Burn Pit Registry Enhancement Act, passed the House earlier this week. I spoke on the House floor to explain why this is such an important win for our nation’s veterans exposed to #burnpits
On International #WomensDay, we celebrate and empower all women! Women’s activism and innovation has changed and advanced the world, and will continue to do so.
Proud to announce that today my bill, the Public Service Spending Integrity Act, passed the House as part of H.R. 1, the For the People
I couldn’t convince Captain America to let me join the Avengers… But we had a great conversation about the Affordable Care Act! @ChrisEvans
Public servants are entrusted to serve the people: not enrich themselves with taxpayer dollars. #OfThePeople #ByThePeople #ForThePeople
Excited to announce that my bill, the Public Service Spending Integrity Act, was passed as an amendment and will be included in the final bill! My bill will prohibit government funds from going toward a business controlled by any President, Vice-President, or cabinet member.
Tomorrow, the House is voting on the #ForThePeople Act: a bill that keeps our promise to help clean up corruption, reign in special interests, and protect every American’s fundamental right to vote.
SAVE THE DATE: this year’s Veterans University will be held on May 4th! Over the years, we’ve helped thousands of veterans access the health care and benefits they have earned and deserve. I look forward to seeing many familiar faces – and some news ones too!
Thank you Katrina for your commitment to advocating for patients with cystic fibrosis, a genetic disease that affects tens of thousands of Americans. Look forward to continuing our work together advocating for patients! @CF_Foundation
Very proud of the response from our amazing Palm Springs firefighters. Glad everyone is safe, or as we say in Dothraki, “Kisha thirat tat lajat eshna asshekh” (lives to fight another day)
This explains a lot. #KeepFamiliesTogether
I’m once again introducing the Public Service Spending Integrity Act, which would prohibit federal dollars from being spent on businesses controlled by the President, Vice President, and members of the cabinet.
Public servants are supposed to serve the people – not use taxpayer dollars for personal profit.
Proud to be leading the fight for our veterans exposed to #burnpits. This is the Agent Orange of our generation: the time for action is now! Thank you @LeoShane for bringing attention to this important issue. @BurnPits360 @iava @wwp @DAVHQ
Proud to once again introduce the COACH Act, my bill to prevent Members of Congress from using taxpayer dollars to fly first-class. I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again: What’s wrong with flying coach?
Proud to announce that the House passed my bill, the Burn Pit Registry Enhancement Act, which now heads to the Senate! This is huge progress for veterans exposed to burn pits. Click to learn more: @iava
Proud to be leading the way to ensure women, children, and the elderly in CBP’s custody are treated with dignity and respect — as is required by law #JakelinCaal @HispanicCaucus
Over the last 10 years, the VA has denied 80 percent of disability claims related to toxic burn pits. It’s time for
ICYMI- I recently helped secure a $1,080,000 grant to expand a jobs training program for underserved young people in our communities. I will continue to fight for grant funding that empowers young people and boosts our local
As a father, I am outraged that this Administration is prolonging the separation of families. We need to stop the trauma now. Children should be with their parents. #ReunifyFamilies
March is women’s history month! Join me in celebrating the incredible women who have shaped our government, businesses, and culture since the founding of this great
This week, I introduced the Burn Pits Registry Enhancement Act, which for the first time ever has a bipartisan companion bill in the
RT @GLFOP: FOP National President supports @CongressmanRuiz's effort to bolster the PSOB program that so many law enforcement families care…
Historic action this week to combat the scourge of gun violence across our nation. Proud to be a part of this common sense approach that will save
This week, I was proud to support legislation that passed the House and will help our veterans get high-paying jobs in STEM fields! After receiving the best training in the world, our veterans have invaluable skills and should not be struggling to reenter the workforce.
Universal background checks ensure criminals, terrorists, and individuals who pose a threat to themselves or others don’t get a gun. I’m glad we got it done in the House today, and I urge the Senate to pass this bill immediately. #EndGunViolence
Finally, after 8 years of inaction by previous Speakers Boehner and Ryan, we had a vote on the Bipartisan Background Checks Act. Proud to have voted for this bill to require universal background checks for individuals who purchase a firearm.
The border facility where 7-year-old Jakelin Caal was held before her death did not meet the most basic needs of infants, women, and the elderly. It’s why I am spearheading legislation to fix the very real, humanitarian crisis on our southern
Proud to support today’s bipartisan Natural Resources Management Act! The bill expands Joshua Tree National Park and reauthorizes the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Excited that this bipartisan bill will soon become law! #LWCF
I voted for the resolution to end President Trump’s national emergency declaration. No President should attempt to bypass our Constitution for political gain. Taking funding away from military families and military readiness weakens our national
Looking forward to making big strides this year in our advocacy for veterans and servicemembers exposed to toxic burn pits. Recently, I sat down with @nbcbayarea to discuss my work on this critical
Here's another link to access the live feed:
Honored to be invited by @RepKarenBass to speak on the humanitarian crisis at our border during today’s hearing. I’ll be speaking in a few minutes, and you can tune in here:
As an emergency physician, I worked in these centers, and have treated countless pediatric incidents involving accidental poisoning – I know how critical these centers are for my patients and our community. Our local poison control center phone number is: 1-800-222-1222.
Proud to have supported the Poison Center Network Act, which passed the House today to help our poison control centers save lives and give parents peace of mind.
RT @KESQ: There is finally some semblance of a timeline for when the Palm Springs Aerial Tramway will reopen to the
When the federal government fails to act, our state has a right to take action to address climate change. Disappointed by this Administration’s efforts to undermine state sovereignty and neglect our
In every season, no matter the threat, our first responders answer the call and risk their own lives to save others. Thank you to the brave individuals who rescued stranded residents from their cars and homes during last week’s historic
On this day in 1956, Martin Luther King Jr. and Rosa Parks turned themselves in to protest systemic racism and injustice during the Montgomery Bus Boycott. We continue to honor their bravery during #AfricanAmericanHistoryMonth.
Grateful to local repair crews who are working tirelessly to fix our roads and keep drivers safe. Before you travel, be sure to check your route for any road closures still in effect.
Our communities can’t afford for the government to drag its feet: we need federal funding now to protect the health of families living near the Salton Sea.
Blue Water Navy Veterans exposed to Agent Orange STILL have not received the disability benefits they have so clearly earned and deserve. I am once again cosponsoring the Blue Water Navy Act with @RepMarkTakano to right this decades-long
As co-chair of the bipartisan burn pits caucus, I’m working to ensure veterans exposed to toxic burn pits get the benefits and health care they have earned and deserve. Stay tuned for important updates on legislation I’m working on to make that happen.
Our desert’s beauty must be protected so that our children can experience its majesty just as we have. Proud to once again cosponsor this important bill to help protect our desert, and I will fight for its passage in the coming
Our government’s internment of Japanese-Americans during World War II was immoral, unjust, and unacceptable. We must never again use fear as a justification for depriving our citizens of the civil rights and liberties that underpin our democracy.
ICYMI- After my visit to the border facility where Jakelin Caal spent her final hours, I spearheaded legislation to help prevent future loss of
Today, we celebrate two kinds of presidents: public servants and unifiers. Public servants like George Washington, and unifiers like Abraham Lincoln. Not perfect men, but leaders who put their nation before party or ideology.
We’ve lost too many Americans to gun violence. That’s why I’m a cosponsor of the Assault Weapons Ban – a bill to prevent mass shooting events that have become far too frequent. This legislation is long overdue, and I will fight for it to become law. #NeverAgain
Proud to announce a $1 million grant for the Riverside County Office of Education! The funds will support a job-training program that helps young people learn valuable skills while building affordable housing in our
Yesterday’s appropriations bill included funding for humanitarian standards I spearheaded that will protect the health of border patrol agents and the individuals in their custody. The America I believe in treats ALL people with dignity and
RT @JoaquinCastrotx: Since when does a President head to a vacation resort during a “National Emergency?” #FakeEmergency
Just went live on Facebook to share some important information on the floods affecting communities across our district. Watch here:
RT @IdyllEmergency: Per Riverside County: Idyllwild and Pine Cove residents asked to shelter in place due to road closures and deterioratin…
Authorities have extended flash flood warnings for Cathedral City, Desert Edge, Palm Desert, La Quinta, Thousand Palms, Desert Hot Springs, Rancho Mirage, Palm Springs, Coachella, and several other communities. To learn more, click the link below:
17 lives. 6 minutes, 20 seconds. #NeverAgain
Every kid should have a role model that inspires them to achieve great things. So great to see Hispanic Americans breaking barriers in entertainment. These pioneers inspire the next generation to achieve their dreams!
Approaching storms may cause flash floods in the Coachella Valley and mountain communities affected by the Cranston Fire. Click the link below to learn more. Stay
As we continue to celebrate black history month, I’m honored to recognize the NAACP on its 110th anniversary! Grateful to the national organization and our local chapters for advocating for the rights and equality of all people.
Three years ago today, President Obama established the Sand to Snow National Monument, protecting 154,000 acres of our beautiful desert. Proud to have advocated for this national monument, which will protect our land and wildlife for generations to
I am a strong advocate for telemedicine, technology that connects far-away doctors with patients in rural communities like ours. It’s critical that we invest in telemedicine so that veterans can access timely, affordable health
I’ve heard from many constituents who believe a fair minimum wage is key to keeping the American Dream alive. I agree. It’s why I cosponsor the Raise the Wage Act, legislation that looks out for hardworking Americans by raising the federal minimum
Last week, I was proud to support the Preventing Crimes Against Veterans Act, a bill to protect our veterans from scams. I am outraged that individuals would target our veterans and servicemembers who risked their lives to protect our safety!
One year ago today, the Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act was signed into law – a bill I championed to protect Medicare from sweeping cuts. I will continue fighting for the health of our seniors, who have earned quality, affordable health care after a lifetime of work.
#ICYMI- I led a letter to the Administration demanding a full account of wildfire prevention, mitigation, and other activities delayed by the government shutdown. A lack of progress during the winter months endangers all Californians come summer.
Deeply saddened by the passing of the Dean of the House, Congressman John Dingell. Congressman Dingell was a driving force behind the Civil Rights Act, Medicare, and the Affordable Care Act. I feel blessed to have known him: he was a leader and a patriot and will be missed.
I’m proud to cosponsor the Equality Act, comprehensive legislation to prohibit discrimination against LGBTQ+ individuals in areas including credit, housing, and employment. We must protect the civil rights of all members of the LGBTQ+ community. It’s time to act!
Tomorrow, I’ll be voting for the Veterans’ Access to Child Care Act – a bill to provide free, reliable childcare to veterans visiting VA health care facilities. I plan on fighting for this important bill to become law as soon as
The Administration’s #FamilySeparation policy is a stain on our nation’s conscience. Every mother and every father who loves their children should feel the pain that these children and their parents are experiencing.
@ddiamond As a physician and a father, I am disgusted that HHS failed to heed the warnings of their own experts to stop the zero-humanity #FamilySeparation policy. This is why oversight matters. #EndFamilySeparation
Thank you to David Sherman, a TSA officer from Desert Hot Springs, for joining me as my guest for the #SOTU. We must not have another reckless, irresponsible government shutdown.
What doesn’t get enough attention in the climate change “debate” are the very real and severe public health effects associated with it. We MUST take decisive action now to protect our health and our environment.
Last year's ruling on the ACA threatens the health coverage of millions of Americans with pre-existing conditions. Watch this short clip from today's @EnergyCommerce hearing to learn more!@DesertAIDS
RT @CleanAirMoms: "Climate change is not just an environmental problem, it is a serious public health threat with real consequences for rea…
@LCVoters Proud to be leading the way with @SenatorBooker to promote environmental justice and protect the health of underserved communities across our nation.
RT @DrLeanaWen: From one emergency physician to another — thank you @CongressmanRuiz for defending access to sexual and reproductive health…
Join me live as my guest, David Sherman, a TSA Agent at the Palm Springs International Airport, and I get ready for the State of the
I’m honored that David Sherman, a TSA officer from our community, will be my guest for this year’s State of the Union. I hope his presence reminds us of the human cost of reckless, irresponsible government
In a brave, defiant act against injustice and for dignity, Rosa Parks stood up for civil rights by sitting down in the whites only section of a public bus. I’m remembering her courage and conviction today, her birthday, and the many civil rights leaders she inspired.
@HispanicCaucus @gracenapolitano @RepCardenas @RepRoybalAllard @RepJimmyGomez @RepDMP @RepLoriTrahan Honored to lead the Congressional Hispanic Caucus’s efforts to bring affordable, quality health care to all Americans.
On #WorldCancerDay, let’s redouble our efforts to support cancer patients and their families. As the more than 15 million cancer survivors in the U.S. will tell you: we can beat
I was proud to join fellow members of Congress in sending a letter to the Administration strongly opposing a new ban on transgender individuals from serving in our military. I am outraged by this blatant attack on the civil rights of Americans and the security of our nation.
Veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan are developing rare and deadly diseases from their exposure to toxic burn pits. Proud to cosponsor the Burn Pit Veterans Revision Act to ensure veterans with constrictive bronchiolitis get the benefits they have earned and deserve.
February is #AfricanAmericanHistoryMonth: a time to celebrate the countless – and too often ignored – men and woman who have made our country great. Proud to represent so many individuals who have overcome prejudice and inequality to break down the barriers that divide us.
During the government shutdown, the U.S. Forest Service delayed necessary prescribed burns and trainings for firefighters. Proud to have brought together California Members of Congress to urge the Administration to get us back on
79 years ago today, Ida Fuller became the first person to receive a monthly check under the new Social Security law—for just $22.54. We must never forget our obligation to protect the benefits our seniors have earned and deserve.
Mayor Pettis was a trailblazer, role model, and tireless public servant committed to protecting the rights of all his constituents. I spoke on the House floor this week to honor his memory.
For those of you who have family, friends, or loved ones in the Midwest, especially the elderly, please urge them to take every precaution necessary to stay safe during this extreme cold
RT @RivCoReady: #HolyFloodWatch MANDATORY EVACUATION ORDER issued for certain zones (see list below). Reminder, zone boundaries changed bas…
Gun violence is a public health crisis. We need to work together with the medical community to support research and data-informed approaches to curbing gun violence: just like we would for any other disease #Building4Us
@DrPhilRoe @RepAndyHarrisMD @RepBera Pain management is a complex, multifaceted skill that needs to be honed and refined just like any other aspect of a physician’s medical education. Proud to be an original sponsor of this bipartisan effort!
Proud to cosponsor the ANTIQUITIES Act, legislation that protects national monuments across our nation. Public lands are at the heart of our American identity, and we have a responsibility to protect our Desert’s natural beauty for generations to come!
Big and long overdue news for Blue Water Navy veterans! I have fought the VA and supported legislation to provide Blue Navy Veterans the benefits they have earned. I urge the VA and Trump Admin to let this ruling stand. Do not appeal to the Supreme Court!
@eqca @RepTedLieu @RepJimmyGomez @NormaJTorres Honored to earn a perfect score on @EQCA’s 2018 legislative scorecard! Looking forward to another year of advocating for the civil rights of LGBTQ+ individuals in our communities and across our nation.
Pay discrimination has no place in our nation, and we must build on progress made by the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act passed into law ten years ago. Together, we can build a more fair and equitable
I have cosponsored H.R. 674, the Gun Violence Prevention Research Act, which will start to address this by authorizing $50 million for the CDC to research gun violence prevention. #NeverAgain
Gun violence claimed more than 13,000 lives in 2018, but our nation has failed to support adequate public health research that could identify the causes and characteristics of gun violence so we can enact policies that save lives – all because of politics and campaign promises.
On Friday, I joined FIND Food Bank to hear from federal employees who weren’t paid during the government shutdown and provide them with free meals. Many of these families will continue to feel the shutdown's effects in the weeks
Bottom line, this shutdown should never have happened, and politicians should never intentionally harm the American people with a shutdown as leverage for political gain.
The shutdown will soon be over but the damage from this reckless shutdown will be felt for months and years to come. Families have lost thousands from their retirement, incurred late payment fees, face higher interest rate penalties, and small businesses may never fully recover.
Excited to see some familiar faces tomorrow at the Pass Area Veterans Expo! This is a great chance for veterans to learn about the services and benefits available to them. The event will be from 10 am to 1 pm at the Beaumont Civic Center, 550 E. Sixth St.
The uninsured rate reached a four-year high due to President Trump's sabotage of the ACA. This means less care, more illness, and more costs for everyone. THIS is why I am fighting to #ProtectOurCare and why it is so important for our
This is the disconnect you get when you have a billionaire-class administration instead of a government of the
We must heed the warnings of military leaders like Former Secretary of Defense General Mattis to support NATO and our allies. That's why I voted for this bill, which prohibits the use of any funds to withdraw the U.S. from
RT @AppropsDems: Today, @realDonaldTrump's Secretary of Commerce said he doesn't understand why federal workers are needing to go to food b…
I am deeply concerned by this recent FBI report. There is a clear path to ending the shutdown: the Senate should pass the bipartisan funding bill they already passed last year, and the President should sign
Volunteers and park rangers are doing everything they can to keep Joshua Tree National Park safe and clean, but the government shutdown has taken a toll. A government by and for the people takes care of our public
Today, we keep Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.’s legacy alive by standing up to hatred, white supremacy, and racism. In doing so, we embrace the values Dr. King lived: justice, equality, and the courage to do what is right.
Last week, I cosponsored the Seniors have Eyes, Ears, and Teeth Act, legislation that would expand Medicare coverage to include eyeglasses, hearing aids, and dental care. Our seniors deserve comprehensive health care!
If you are a federal employee in California who is not being paid during the shutdown, you are eligible for unemployment insurance. If you have any questions about this process, don’t hesitate to contact my office at 760-424-8888. We are here to serve
This is terrible news for servicemembers and veterans who were exposed to burn pits in Iraq and Afghanistan. I'll keep fighting to protect our troops from exposure to burn pits and get those who have been exposed the care and benefits they have
We have a responsibility to provide our veterans with high-quality health care. I will evaluate the Administration’s proposals to reform the VA based on a simple criteria: any plan to reform the VA should be
I just voted for legislation that would provide desperately needed disaster assistance to California communities affected by the wildfires across our state. The government shutdown is no excuse to neglect our duty to serve first responders and the victims of natural disasters.
Since I was a kid, my dream was to become a doctor to improve the health and lives of the people across our region and our nation. Now as your Representative, I am honored to bring this mission to the Health Subcommittee of the Energy and Commerce Committee.
Congratulations to the Palm Springs International Film Festival on their 30th anniversary! The film festival attracts producers, actors, actresses, and thousands of film enthusiasts to our beautiful valley. Learn more about the festival here:
We have made so much progress in raising awareness about the dangers of exposure to burn pits. In 2019, I will continue fighting for our veterans who have developed rare cancers and pulmonary conditions from their exposure to toxic burn
This week, I was proud to support the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act. I’ve travelled to humanitarian crises around the world: I know how important it is to have the appropriate medical resources before a disaster occurs.
Today, hundreds of thousands of federal workers – including thousands in our district – will miss their first paycheck. We must stand up for federal employees, including TSA Agents and Coast Guard servicemembers. It’s time to put people over partisanship.
RT @RivCoReady: Possibility of thunderstorms during the next few days over the Holy Fire burn area. Now is the time to GET READY for potent…
The expansion of the Desert Healthcare District will mean millions of dollars to fund health care for underserved communities in the East Valley. Immensely proud of everyone who helped us reach this
Happy 100th birthday to Banning's own Shelby "SJ" Hemker! Mr. Hemker is a Pearl Harbor survivor and WWII veteran. Thank you for your service to our nation -- wishing you many more years of health and happiness!
Not only is the President attempting to withhold aid from victims of California wildfires, but he is actively damaging efforts to fight future fires. I am working to reopen the government as soon as
I am committed to fighting against partisan attacks on the Affordable Care Act that would take away health care for millions. I’m proud to have voted yesterday to defend affordable health
Our nation has always banded together in the wake of tragedy and it is a part of what makes our nation the greatest on the planet. Let's remember that.
Thousands of families across California, including some I serve, have lost their homes, livelihood, or income in the wake of severe wildfires. It is disgusting that President Trump would target these families in his personal, political feud with the State of California.
RT @RepBera: What’s disgraceful is a president who doesn’t show compassion for the thousands of families impacted by California’s devastati…
RT @MyDesert: Breaking: All Joshua Tree National Park visitors will have to leave the park by 8 a.m. on Thursday.
Congratulations Governor Newsom on being sworn in as California’s 40th governor. I look forward to working with you to improve the lives of all Californians and prevent a real public health threat posed by the receding Salton
Today, I took the solemn oath of office to uphold the Constitution and  represent the more than 700,000 residents of our communities. I am  grateful for the friends, neighbors, and voters who have helped me achieve my dream of serving the community.
RT @RivCoReady: There is a chance of significant rain this weekend over the Holy and Cranston burn areas. RivCo public safety agencies cons…
The partial government shutdown has forced campgrounds to close in Joshua Tree National Park. I am concerned for the safety of visitors due to overflowing toilets and a lack of staff, not to mention the cost to our local economy!
ICYMI – new provisions signed into law yesterday will make the Salton Sea eligible for millions of dollars in new funding! These federal funds will help us address the environmental and public health crisis at the Salton
RT @JoaquinCastrotx: Glad to join @CongressmanRuiz in introducing legislation next Congress w/@HispanicCaucus to improve @CBP’s capacity to…
I plan to introduce legislation on behalf of the @HispanicCaucus that will improve @CBP’s capacity to provide health care for asylum-seekers in DHS custody and border agents at the border, and help prevent future loss of life.
Being medically under-staffed, under-equipped, under-trained, and unprepared puts at risk the lives of children and possibly our border agents.
As an emergency physician and public health expert, I was dismayed at the lack of meaningful health screening and emergency response capacity for women and children seeking asylum at the @CBP Antelope Wells Port of Entry and Lordsburg Border Patrol Station.
The Farm Bill that passed this afternoon makes the Salton Sea eligible for millions of dollars in new federal funding! Proud to have fought for these funds, which double our resources to manage the decline of the Salton
Excited to announce a new $200,000 grant awarded to the Mountain Communities Fire Safe Council! Proud to have supported their application for these funds, which will help MCFSC prevent wildfires from destroying private
ICYMI- A new $1.3 million grant will make sure seniors like Linda Reed aren’t stuck at home. Proud to have supported Independent Living Partnership’s grant application to expand our seniors’ access to
This ruling will not go into effect immediately and experts expect the appeal process to last at least a year. That means if you’re a resident of California, you still have until January 15th to find an insurance plan that works for
Friday’s ruling against the Affordable Care Act is the culmination of years of politically-motivated efforts to repeal the ACA. This is a dangerous ruling that will be appealed.
As a developed nation and an example for the world, we must ensure that  our government is functioning at the highest level, especially for children.
I am deeply saddened by the 7 year old’s tragic death. Why did it take a seizure to alert officials that this 105F febrile, dehydrated, sick child needed care? There are many more questions that must be answered.
This week, I called on my fellow members of Congress to support additional relief for the victims of California's recent wildfires. We must act swiftly to help thousands of individuals who have lost their homes, livelihoods, and communities.
RT @LocalTwo: A total of 333 have become ill and 91 have been hospitalized since illnesses began in August. A total of 333 have become il…
RT @KESQ: Hesabu was 18.
Community health centers play a major role in delivering affordable health care services to rural, underserved communities like ours. I am proud to support community health centers in our district and across the country! @NACHC @HCPSoCal @CPCA
Concerns like these are why I formed the bipartisan Burn Pits Caucus: to raise awareness about veterans like Jennifer Kepner, who passed away from pancreatic cancer after returning from Iraq. Our veterans deserve a government that takes these concerns seriously!
A new report is calling for the VA to look into the effects toxic exposure may be having on the children and partners of veterans from the Gulf War and post-9/11
Today is the last day for Medicare open enrollment! If you’re a new enrollee or would like to update your plan, be sure to visit or call 1-800-MEDICARE. My office is here to help! Feel free to call us at 760-424-8888 with any questions.
This week, officials with the San Bernardino National Forest will be conducting prescribed burning in the Banning, San Jacinto, Garner Valley, and Hemet areas. Click here to learn more about prescribed burns this
The Endangered Species Act has protected wildlife for more than four decades. I stand with the many constituents who have contacted my office to defend the Endangered Species Act, and I will continue to stand up for the animals and ecosystems that are the heart of our Desert.
RT @restoresight: As #EyeDonationMonth2018 comes to a close, EBAA sends a special thank you to @CongressmanRuiz, MD (D-CA 36th District) fo…
The CDC is continuing to advise consumers to avoid romaine lettuce from the Central Coastal growing regions of northern and central California due to the E. coli outbreak. Remember: if you don’t know where the romaine is from, don’t eat it!
RT @sbcountysheriff: 'Tis the season to shop, but keep the #Vision4Safety!
For Jackson and his family, telemedicine means avoiding expensive travel costs and hours spent in waiting rooms. For rural and isolated communities, telemedicine can be the cheapest and most effective way to get lifesaving
The CDC has issued an E. coli warning for romaine lettuce and is recommending that consumers throw away all of their romaine lettuce, and avoid it until we have more information on this outbreak. E. coli infections are serious and can be life-threatening.
RT @sbcountysheriff: It is Thanksgiving week folks! More than anything we want you all to enjoy the holiday and BE SAFE! #Vision4Safety htt…
I am proud to have helped secure more than $1.3 million in funding for Independent Living Partnership, so they can continue to provide free rides in our communities. Everyone should enjoy the freedom and empowerment of living
RT @RivCoReady: Know your risk for flooding hazards! Join us for our flood ready community meeting on Wednesday December 5th at 7pm at the…
RT @RivCoReady: Everyone should have some basic supplies on hand in order to survive for at least three days if an emergency occurs. Here a…
Heartbreaking. We mourn with the victims’ families and thank all the first responders for their heroism. I also join the law enforcement community in mourning the loss of an officer. This is a terrible senseless tragedy.
RT @KESQ: Fresh off his re-election last night, @CongressmanRuiz joined @KarenDevineKESQ live in-studio to discuss last night's election, w…
I want to thank all those who took time out of their day yesterday and during early voting to cast a ballot and participate in our elections. I am honored to continue serving as your voice and your advocate in Washington and here at home.
Election Day is here, and no matter who you support, I hope you will go out to the polls to exercise your fundamental right to vote. Our nation is strongest when everyone is engaged in the political process!  
RT @CALFIRERRU: FALL/WINTER PRESCRIBED BURN COMMUNITY MTG: Tues Nov 13/Meeting starts at 6:00pm at Idyllwild Nature Center/25225 Hwy 243 Id…
Scam alert! Scammers can trick your caller ID and are claiming they will help you increase your monthly payment if you give them your SSN. Don’t be fooled! Click here to learn more and stay safe!
I join the community of Squirrel Hill in mourning. Our nation must come together and continue to fight for a better future where no one has to fear for their life when attending a religious service.
I am heartsick by yet another mass shooting this morning, this time targeting Jewish worshippers at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. Hate has no place in our country, and we must condemn this tragedy for what it is: a senseless hate crime.
RT @DesertAIDS: Thank you @CongressmanRuiz for authoring HR 5605, the Advancing High Quality Treatment for Opioid Use Disorders in Medicare…
Great news, local tourism continues to boom! Our local Palm Springs International Airport saw record growth last year, with the number of passengers passing through PSP increasing by 10% over last year.
I am truly blessed to have known her, and I am honored to take up her fight to end the use of burn pits and ensure veterans and service  members exposed to burn pits get the care they need and the benefits they have earned and deserve.
My heart is heavy today as we remember the life of Jennifer Kepner from Cathedral City, who passed away from pancreatic cancer one year ago. Jennifer’s bravery, compassion, and dedication to serving her country and fellow veterans inspires me each and every day.
I am proud to stand for LGBTQ equality and to receive a 100 on @HRC’s Congressional Scorecard. Visit to learn more. #HRCScorecard
RT @RepJohnYarmuth: .@HouseGOP is coming after Medicare Social Security after their tax cuts for millionaires big corporations blew a m…
RT @CDC_HIVAIDS: Monday is #NLAAD. Here are fast facts about #HIV and prevention challenges among Hispanic/Latino communities. 
I was so thrilled to join our community today to celebrate the grand opening of the brand-new Coachella Library! The library will benefit our entire community for generations to come, and I cannot wait to read here with my daughters Sky and Sage.
Congratulations to the Coachella Valley Housing Coalition for building their 2,000th affordable, single family housing unit in the Coachella Valley. Thank you for your service to our
October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month and an important reminder to always be vigilant for the early signs of breast
As a physician, you pledge to care for the sick. It’s an oath I was proud to take as a young man — and now it’s one that drives me in fighting to lower prescription drug costs #ForThePeople.
RT @NWSSanDiego: Rain update �️ / A Flash Flood Watch is in effect for the mountains (except Santa Ana mountains) and deserts through midn…
RT @CQnow: #PhotosoftheWeek @CongressmanRuiz, left, takes a selfie with @RepBetoORourke on the House steps of the Capitol after the final v…
Rushing toward a confirmation vote on Judge Kavanaugh before fully researching the very serious claims of the women who have bravely come  forward—as was done by President Bush during the confirmation of Justice Thomas—is simply wrong. Our nation can and should do better.
Women who come forward to report sexual assault deserve to be taken seriously and treated with dignity and respect.
RT @rivcafire: 7 Ways Residents Can Reduce the Risk that their Homes Property Will Become Fuel for a Wildfire:Santa Ana Winds season is…
RT @SierraClub: Thank you @CongressmanRuiz for supporting the Desert Renewable Energy Conservation Plan. Here’s why he thinks we should kee…
Seeing these students brightened my day. Thank you @GoRivcoWDC for helping them achieve their dreams and for giving them the opportunity to travel all the way to Washington, D.C. to tell their stories!
Join my office this Thursday from 4-5pm at Tahquitz High School in Hemet for an information session on the Military Service Academy Nomination process. Applications are due on October 19th so please call my office at 760-424-8888 with any questions!
I will keep fighting for the Medicare and Social Security benefits our seniors have earned!
These bills will give seniors  more time to navigate the complicated Medicare enrollment process, help cut down on Medicare fraud, and expand programs that help seniors stay in their homes as long as  possible while still receiving the highest quality care.
After a lifetime of work and paying into Medicare, our seniors deserve the highest standard of health care coverage to live a healthy and full life in retirement. Last week, I supported three bills that passed the House and will help us achieve that goal!
Today we remember the victims of the 9/11 terrorist attacks. Our nation  was tested by hatred and violence. We responded with heroism, hope, and  national unity. I want to thank all those in our communities who held  remembrances today, embracing that unity in our region.
L’Shana Tova to all celebrating Rosh Hashanah today! May you find time to reflect on the year past and renew yourself for the year ahead.
Few places in the country can compete with our district’s natural beauty. That’s why I cosponsor H.R. 502, a bill to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund, so these national treasures can be enjoyed by all for generations to come.
At last month's telephone town hall for seniors, we discussed my work to strengthen Medicare and Social Security and protect seniors from fraud. Don’t hesitate to contact my office about these issues -- I’m here to serve you!
I am proud to partner with Republican @RepGusBilirakis on a new bill, the Protection for Veterans Burn Pit Exposure Act, which will force the VA to take action and get veterans the care they have earned and deserve. We must not repeat the inaction we saw with Agent Orange!
That says a lot about his selfless sacrifice to serve our nation. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family during this difficult time. He will be missed for generations to come.
I will always remember the conversations we had sitting next to each other flying coach, and the sage advice he gave me as a new member of Congress. He sacrificed a tremendous amount as a prisoner of war in Vietnam and refused to leave until many more POW’s were released.
I am saddened by the loss of a national hero and patriot, Senator John McCain. He was a man of character, a maverick, and often put country above party.
Did you know that nearly 15% of all new jobs in the U.S. are created by #startups? During #StartupWeek, let’s recognize how much they mean to our community!
These provisions will help us track and identify all the negative health impacts associated with exposure so we can ensure our servicemembers and veterans get they care they need!
