Bipartisan Harmful Algal Blooms Legislation Heads to the President's Desk
Posey’s Bipartisan Commercial Space Legislation Headed for the President’s Desk
Committee Approves Posey’s Legislation to Provide Home Buyers More Lending Options
House Passes Posey’s Bipartisan Legislation to Provide Justice for American Victims of Terrorism
House Funds Posey's Plan to Make More Estuary Resources Available
House Passes Rep. Posey’s Bipartisan Commercial Space Legislation
House Passes Rep. Posey’s Bill to Delay Harmful Credit Union Regulations
Space Coast Projects Receive Priority Funding by Army Corps
House Approves Rep. Posey’s Plan to Speed-up Port Projects
Katie and I filled some care packages for the troops at a USO event at the Capitol #flex4forces
Committee Approves Rep. Posey’s Bipartisan Commercial Space Legislation
RT @congbillposey: @angelicahale and @HerreraBeutler  stopped by to have a Facebook live chat about kidney disease this afternoon
@angelicahale and @HerreraBeutler  stopped by to have a Facebook live chat about kidney disease this afternoon
RT @fox5dc: Singing phenom @angelicahale is in DC for the @nkf 2018 #kidneypatientsummit on Capitol Hill-- but first she paid us the best v…
Congrats to SpaceX for a great historic launch and landing!
House Passes Legislation to Repeal IPAB Board
the problem of overregulation - five years of new and proposed federal regulations
Brevard, Indian River Orange Counties Approved for Disaster Assistance
Link to Walmart store status
Remember to call your insurer before you agree to have anyone make repairs
Status of Indian River County Services
Publix in Vero Beach is open until 5PM
Publix open at normal hours in Rockledge, Melbourne, West Melbourne, Melbourne Beach, Merritt Island, Cocoa, Cocoa Beach, Titusville
Check Publix status
Florida Power Light 1-800-468-8243
guidance for water main break - Cocoa
local emergency contact numbers
Veterans from storm-impacted areas who require immediate assistance may contact: VA Health Resource Center Disaster Hotline: 1-800-507-4571
Orange County Office Of Emergency Management Press Briefing Sept. 9, 12 p.m. |
Brevard Shelter Update
Update from Brevard - Mather's Bridge closed to boat traffic
2PM Storm Update from Indian River County
Indian River County Update
Updated shelter list in Brevard
Brevard County - Info for Individuals with Special Needs
Brevard County Hurricane Preparedness - Planning for Your Pets
Florida Emergency Information Line -- 800-342-3557
Hurricane Preparedness - Indian River - Getting Your Pets Ready
Indian River Shelters - Not Open Yet, Check their status at
Shelter locations for Brevard County
Posey Awards Congressional Medal of Merit to Local High School Students
U.S. Mint contest to design Apollo 11 50th Anniversary Commemorative Coin
Mariner-5 Memorial Dedication Set for Tuesday, April 11, 2017
Congrats to SpaceX for a successful and historic launch and landing
Great turnout at our first congressional estuary caucus briefing today
Posey Testimony Supports National Estuary Program and Lagoon Revitalization Efforts
Talking with Channel 13 News after  President Trump's Address to Congress in Statuary Hall #JointAddress
New Bipartisan Congressional Caucus Formed to Support Our Lagoon 
Posey Applauds the Return of Professional Boxing to Palm Bay
With Bill Hahn kidney advocate #mykidneysmylife
Remembering the brave men and women of the Challenger crew
Today's final 3 volumes of rules, regulations and other administrative notifications of the current administration
sad to hear the news of the passing of Gene Cernan, American Astronaut and hero. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and loved ones
House Approves Posey’s Transparency Amendment 
Last night the Senate passed our bipartisan bill to commemorate Apollo 11 50th Anniversary
Rep. Posey's Statement on the Passing of John Glenn
RT @RosLehtinen: Proud 2 co-sponsor, support @congbillposey bill commemorating 50th anniv of mankind's giant leap on #Moon, #FL #space expl…
House Passes Posey's Bipartisan Bill to Commemorate the 50th Anniversary of Apollo 11
For over 240 years brave men and women have risked life and limb to preserve our freedoms. Today we recognize their service and sacrifices.
Rep. Posey's Statement on Repayment of Veteran Bonuses
Florida Residents: Beware of Fraud, Scams and Price Gouging  via @fema
FPL expects to complete power restoration to essentially all customers following Hurricane Matthew by end of day Sunday
News Releases
Important Insurance Resources
FPL working to restore Brevard power. Map to check progress
power restored to a total of 18,060 customers in Indian River County
IRC - Power Update - As of Noon, 48,060 FPL customers were affected, 15,060 restored, still working on 33,060.
IRC Power Update - Current outage for City of Vero Beach Electric is 17,000. Power has been restored to 3000. Working on remaining 15000
Service Update from Florida Power Light
Hurricane Preparedness Resources and Contacts
In Historic Veto Override Congress Approves Legislation to Ensure Justice for Victims of Terrorism
House Passes Legislation to Combat Citrus Disease
Recognizing National Estuaries Week via @YouTube
House Passes VA Accountability Legislation 
Remembering the victims and heroes of 9-11 today in a ceremony on the Capitol steps
House Passes Legislation to Reform Justice Department Settlement Practices  #TCOT
Local Borinqueneers honored in ceremony via @Florida_Today
Recognizing 3 Local Borinqueneers on Thursday for their Historic Military Service  @CGMBorinqueneer @foxnewslatino
@JoeNBC - 298 House Members agree! Working to commemorate upcoming 50th Anniversary of Apollo moon landing - HR 2726 #Apollo11
Speaking about lagoon solutions at Capitol Hill conference this morning
House Passes Posey’s Bipartisan Legislation to Provide Justice for American Victims of Terrorism #tcot
House Approves Posey Amendment to Prohibit the Use of Private Servers by Government Employees
Three Local Borinqueneers to be Recognized for Military Service
Lawmakers: 'Extraordinary' circumstances necessitate Clinton special counsel via @DCExaminer
House Members Call for Special Counsel in Clinton Unsecure Email Server #tcot
Legislation Prevents IRS Abuse and Protects Free Speech Rights for All Americans #TCOT
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and loved ones of this morning's tragic shooting in Orlando
Congrats to Embraer for their expansion in Brevard - welcome Legacy 450/500
Congressman Posey’s Statement Observing Memorial Day 
DOJ should fully implement Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act #JVTA #EnforceJVTA
House Boosts Funding for Veterans Programs
Posey’s Bipartisan Plan to Help Estuaries with Critical Needs Heads to the President’s Desk
Posey Awards Congressional Medal of Merit to Local High School Students
Posey Announces 2016 Congressional Art Competition Winners
Posey to Help Launch the 5th Annual Cocoa Beach “Foot Prints in the Sand” Kidney Walk 
Committee Approves Posey’s Bipartisan Bill to Provide Justice for American Victims of Terrorism
Borinqueneers Awarded Congressional Gold Medal
House Passes Bipartisan Legislation to Promote Women Entrepreneurs
Efforts to Restore Our Indian River Lagoon
Historic Borinqueneers Gold Medal Ceremony Set for April 13th 
House Passes ISIL Genocide Resolution #TCOT
Sad news with the passing of Justice Scalia, a true conservative and defender of the Constitution
House Passes Key Veterans Bills
All Star Boxing Returns to Palm Bay, Honors Highly Decorated Military Veteran
House Passes Bipartisan Bill to Block Operation Choke Point Tactics   #OperationChokePoint
Posey to Host 2016 Congressional Art Competition with Indian River Lagoon theme
Remembering the Challenger crew on the 30th anniversary of that tragic day. #Challenger
Congratulations to SpaceX on a successful launch and landing - incredible milestone achieved!
Rep. Posey's Statement on the Omnibus Bill #TCOT
Posey to Host Symposium on Combating Human Trafficking on Jan 11th 
Congrats to Blue Origin on successful flight and landing of New Shepard
House Passes Posey's Bipartisan Bill to Protect Insurance Policyholders from Bailing-Out Financial Firms
Posey’s Bipartisan Bill to Promote U.S. Commercial Space Ventures Heads to the President’s Desk
Rep. Posey's Statement on the Terrorist Attacks in Paris
Rep. Posey's Statement Recognizing Veterans Day
Committee Approves Posey's Bill to Protect Insurance Policyholders from Bailing Out Financial Firms
Air Force Awards Northrop Grumman Contract to Build the Next Generation Bomber
Committee Approves Posey Legislation to Put the Brakes on New Credit Union Regulations
Community Leaders to Earn Recognition During Hispanic Heritage Month Festivities
Rep. Posey's Statement Observing Constitution Day #TCOT
Rep. Posey’s Statement on Blue Origin Coming to the Space Coast
Blue Origin's announcement is great news for the Space Coast and commercial space endeavors
Rep. Posey's Statement on the Iran Agreement
Posey to Host Grant Writing Conference on September 22nd 
Historic - new horizons space craft reaches Pluto
Reps. Posey, Wilson, Culberson, Green Blum Introduce Apollo 11 Commemorative Coin Act #space #NASA
House Passes Posey-Murphy Bipartisan Plan to Help Estuaries with Critical Needs #IndianRiverLagoon
Congressman Posey’s Statement Observing Memorial Day 
House Passes Posey’s Bipartisan Legislation to Promote Commercial Space Ventures #SpaceAct
House Passes Legislation to Assist Military Veterans  #veterans
House Science Committee Approves Posey’s Bipartisan Legislation to Promote Commercial Space Ventures
Congrats to Carol Craig CEO of Craig Technologies - named runner-up for National Small Business Person of the Year
Local High School Students Awarded Congressional Medal of Merit
Posey to Help Kick Off the 4th Annual Cocoa Beach Kidney Walk May 9th  #NationalKidneyFoundation #kidneywalk
House Approves New Range Communications Facility for Cape Canaveral Air Force Station
Posey to Award Medal of Merit to High School Students
Posey Announces Awards for the 2015 Congressional Art Competition
Posey to Host 2015 Congressional Art Competition in Vero Beach
Legislation Takes Steps to Protect Taxpayers and Restore Trust in the IRS
Bipartisan, Bicameral Legislation Introduced to Protect Insurance Policy Holders from Being Forced to Bailout Financial Firms
the annual returning of the congressional pay raise #tcot
Cocoa Beach Post Office to Be Named the “Richard K. Salick Post Office”  @kellyslater
House Passes Bill to Fight Hunger, Promote Charitable Giving #TCOT
House Passes Legislation to Help America’s Small Businesses Compete  #TCOT
House Votes to Repeal Health Care Law #TCOT
House Passes Legislation to Strengthen Human Trafficking Laws 
Bipartisan Bill Focuses National Estuary Program Funding to Meet Urgent Ecological Challenges
Omnibus Bill Product of Broken Budget Process #TCOT
Posey: Omnibus Bill Product of Broken Budget Process #TCOT
Splashdown! #Orion successful first step on our journey to explore deep space!
Statement on Border Security
First priority must be securing our borders
House Passes Posey-Murphy Bipartisan Plan to Help Estuaries with Critical Needs
Posey Calls for Travel Ban on Those from Ebola Epidemic Countries
Community Leaders Earn Recognition During Hispanic Heritage Month Festivities
Rep. Posey’s Statement Concerning the President’s Proposal to Attack ISIS #politics
House Committee Approves Posey’s Bipartisan Plan to Increase Estuary Funding for Critical Needs
Recognizing Constitution Day:  #politics
Recognizing Constitution Day
Congratulations to ULA on a successful launch last night!
Posey to Visit Local Veterans Job Training Facility:  #politics
Posey Requests GAO Review the AAF Loan Application Over Any Potential Risk to Taxpayers:  #politics
Viera Veterans Clinic Opens New MRI Suite:  #politics
Another successful launch by SpaceX this early morning!
RT @MarshaBlackburn: Thank you @congbillposey for cosponsoring H.R. 5160. Glad to see the language being considered in today’s DACA bill.
Posey Votes to Improve Veterans Care, Bring Greater Accountability to the VA:  #politics
Posey Works with Local Business Leaders to Coordinate 3rd Federal Contracting Conference:  #politics
Remembering the 45th anniversary of one of the greatest moments in American history - landing on the moon!
Bipartisan Bill Focuses National Estuary Program Funding to Meet Urgent Ecological Challenges:  #politics
House Passes Legislation to Designate Cocoa Beach Post Office the “Richard K. Salick Post Office”:  #politics
House passes bill to designate Cocoa Beach Post Office the “Richard K. Salick Post
Congrats to SpaceX for another successful Florida commercial launch!
Bipartisan Legislation Promotes Commercial Space Ventures:  #politics
Posey Works with Local Business Leaders to Coordinate 3rd Federal Contracting Conference:  #politics
H.R. 1726, the Borinqueneers Gold Medal Act, was just signed into law
Posey Leads House Approval of Bipartisan Algal Bloom Research Bill to Benefit the Indian River Lagoon:  #politics
Posey Salutes WWII Veterans on 70th Anniversary of D-Day Invasion:  #politics
Shinseki Resignation Still Leaves Many Bad Actors in Place at Veterans Affairs:  #politics
Borinqueneers Gold Medal Bill was signed by the Speaker
remembering our fallen soldiers and their families who made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation and freedom
Posey’s Borinqueneers Legislation Clears the Senate and Heads to the White House:  #politics
House Passes Posey Legislation to Support Deployed Troops:  #politics
Voted for bill to hold Veterans Administration employees  accountable for not doing their jobs  and mistreatment of our veterans
House Science Committee Approves Posey-Bonamici Bipartisan Amendment Clearing Algal Bloom Research B... #politics
House passes legislation to combat human trafficking
Financial Services Subcommittee Holds Hearing on Posey Legislation to Protect Auto, Home and Life In... #politics
House Passes Posey’s Bipartisan Legislation to Honor the 65th Infantry Regiment – “The Borinqueneers”:  #politics
My bipartisan bill to honor the Borinqueneers with the Congressional Gold Medal is scheduled for a House floor vote on Monday
Bipartisan Legislation Introduced to Aid Recovery of Breast Cancer Patients:  #politics
Posey Applauds Northrop Grumman Expansion in Melbourne:  #politics
Rep. Posey’s Statement on IRS Abuses:  #politics
Congressional Art Competition Finalists Announced:  #politics
Posey Applauds Decision to Establish a Select Committee to Uncover the Truth about What Happened in ... #politics
Posey to Help Kick-Off 3rd Annual Cocoa Beach “Foot Prints in the Sand” Kidney Walk May 10th:  #politics
Posey to Host 2014 Congressional Art Competition:  #politics
Statement of Rep. Bill Posey Regarding All Aboard Florida:  #politics
House Passes Bill to Protect Employees from Health Care Law Mandates that Cut Work Hours:  #politics
Great meeting today with Dr. Ben Carson and Sen. Rand Paul
Posey Salutes Medal of Honor Recipients:  #politics
House Passes Bill to Delay Health Care Tax Penalty for Families and Workers:  #politics
