Tax season has arrived. Unfortunately, many families across New York who have played by the rules are now being unfairly hit by unexpected tax bills and penalties due to the #TrumpTaxScam. I'm introducing legislation to help:
Today, we celebrate how far women have come to achieve equal opportunity—and how far we have left to go. Never stop fighting, never stop championing one another, never stop demanding a more equal, just world for every woman. Happy #InternationalWomensDay
The New Era Cap Company has been making America’s baseball caps as part of the Western New York community since 1920. I’m deeply concerned about their decision to close their manufacturing facility in Derby. I’ve written to the Commissioner of the @MLB to ask for help:
Based off of what we heard, it's clear that we're in the same place: Military sexual assault is still pervasive. It still hurts military readiness and causes thousands of service members to suffer. The trends are going in the wrong direction. We need fundamental reform. #passMJIA
The Senate will soon vote on the nomination of Chad Readler to the 6th Circuit Court. I'll vote NO. He's in favor of repealing the ACA and has argued that protections for preexisting conditions are unconstitutional. When it comes to protecting health care, I'll never back down.
I'm leading a Senate Armed Services Personnel Subcommittee hearing with @SenThomTillis on sexual assault in our military. We’ll hear from survivors and experts about what next steps the military must take to end this scourge. Watch live:
Simple, commonsense truck safety requirements can save lives on the roads—and Congress has the ability to make it happen. Truck underride guards are one of the best and easiest solutions for protecting passengers. Let’s get this done to keep our roads safer. #stopunderrides
The AAPI community is the fastest growing racial group in the U.S. Yet AAPI women must work 2 months longer to earn what white men earn in a year, and it’s far worse for some ethnicities.  This injustice affects us all. #AAPIEqualPay is vital to our economic security.
Change cannot happen unless we all come together to demand it—so let’s keep telling our stories and call for a national paid leave program. Because no worker should ever be forced to choose between a paycheck and caring for a loved one. #FAMILYAct
Such a heartbreaking loss for the West Point community. Sending my deepest condolences to Peter’s family and loved ones.
Glad to be in this fight with you, @RepEliotEngel. #Renew911VCF
Thank you, @RepStefanik, for being in this fight and for standing with our 9/11 heroes. #Renew911VCF
Thank you, @RepKathleenRice, for standing up for our brave 9/11 responders. #Renew911VCF
Thank you, @NydiaVelazquez, for being a co-sponsor. Glad to be in this fight with you. #Renew911VCF
Thanks for being in this fight, @RepGregoryMeeks. Appreciate all you're doing. #Renew911VCF
Thank you, @repdelgado, for standing with our brave 9/11 responders. #Renew911VCF
Thank you, @RepMaxRose, for being a co-sponsor and standing with our 9/11 heroes. #Renew911VCF
Thank you, @RepYvetteClarke, for being part of this fight. #Renew911VCF
Thank you, @RepJerryNadler, for always standing with our 9/11 heroes. #Renew911VCF
So grateful to be partners in this fight, @RepMaloney. #Renew911VCF
Appreciate all you’re doing to lift this up, @SenBooker. Thanks for being a co-sponsor and for fighting to protect our 9/11 heroes. #Renew911VCF
Thank you, @SenatorMenendez, for co-sponsoring and for standing with our 9/11 heroes. #Renew911VCF
Glad to be a partner in this fight with you, @SenCoryGardner. #Renew911VCF
It's #WomensHistoryMonth! I'm excited to celebrate the courage and persistence of the mothers, grandmothers, leaders, advocates, and trailblazers whose shoulders we stand on, and to lift up the work of those who continue to lead the fight for women’s rights every single day.
Thank you, @SenTomCotton, for standing up for our 9/11 heroes by calling for the support they’ve earned, deserve, and urgently need.
Legalizing marijuana is about morality and social justice. A minor possession conviction can take away a lifetime of opportunities for jobs, education, housing—esp. in communities of color low income communities. Time to fix our broken policies. Proud to co-sponsor this bill.
RT @gillibrandny: It's imperative that we have an EPA administrator who'll fight hard to protect our air and water for future generations—a…
Our 9/11 responders shouldn't have to come to Washington yet again to shame Congress into doing the right thing.They’ve already come here over a hundred times—week after week, month after month, year after year. Let's do right by our heroes and #Renew911VCF.
It's imperative that we have an EPA administrator who'll fight hard to protect our air and water for future generations—and take aggressive action to combat the catastrophic threat of climate change.  Andrew Wheeler does not fit that bill. I'm voting against his nomination.
Today, I introduced the CLEAR Act in the Senate, which would bring urgently needed transparency to our elections by requiring additional public disclosures for lobbyists who fund political ads or other political activities. Glad to work with @repdelgado to get this passed.
It’s simple: Elected leaders should always be accountable to voters—not their special interest donors. If registered lobbyists are spending money on a political campaign, then voters should have the right to know which candidate is taking that money and how much they’re taking.
When we needed them, they were there for us. So whenever one of our 9/11 heroes is diagnosed with a 9/11-related illness, we should be there for them. Congress must step up to #Renew911VCF.
A message from John Feal and our 9/11 heroes: Congress should do the right thing, and pass our bipartisan bill to permanently reauthorize the 9/11 Victim Compensation Fund. #Renew911VCF
Today, @SenCoryGardner, @SenSchumer, @RepMaloney, @RepJerryNadler, @RepPeteKing and I will introduce a bipartisan bill to permanently reauthorize the 9/11 Victim Compensation Fund. Our 9/11 heroes should always have somewhere to turn when they need help. #Renew911VCF
Trump’s latest attack on Title X—a gold standard family planning program—will result in less care, lower standards, and worse health outcomes. We must all speak out to #SaveTitleX. #NoGagRule
The Trump administration has repeatedly attacked access to reproductive health care for millions. By forcing providers like Planned Parenthood out of federal funding, this new #TitleX rule could hurt anyone who can’t afford the rising costs of care. We'll fight back. #NoGagRule
We have an obligation to make sure that Social Security is actually giving retirees and their families the support they need—the support that they have spent their entire lives earning. It's time to strengthen, protect, and #ExpandSocialSecurity.
The uptick in anti-Semitic hate crimes across the country is alarming. I appreciate law enforcement taking extra precautions, and I'll continue to fight for security funding for Jewish and other nonprofits at risk from such heinous acts.
Here’s what I believe: If the C-Suite can have paid leave, then the factory floor worker should also have paid leave. Simple as that. #FAMILYAct
We don’t need to study the issue any longer to know that PFAS contamination shouldn’t be allowed in our drinking water. I’m extremely disappointed that the EPA has strayed so far from its mission to proactively protect our health from environmental toxins.
Remembering 9/11 must be more than a bumper sticker. That's why I'll reintroduce bipartisan legislation with @SenCoryGardner, @SenSchumer, and others to ensure that those injured by the toxins at Ground Zero are never forgotten.  My full statement:
With cancer rates in the 9/11 first responder community rising, the Victim Compensation Fund is more important than ever.  We can't just tell these heroes, “Sorry, we don’t have the funds for you.” We can't turn our backs on them.
The September 11th Victim Compensation Fund recently announced plans to drastically reduce payments to sick 9/11 first responders and their families.That's unacceptable. When we needed our 9/11 heroes, they were there for us. Now, we should be there for them.
Funding for the president’s border wall isn’t a national emergency. It’s a waste of taxpayer dollars, an outrageous abuse of presidential power, and a threat to our constitutional democracy.
In the year since the horrific massacre at Marjory Stoneman Douglass High School, 1,200 children have been killed by guns. As we honor the 17 people who lost their lives, we have to say enough is enough. It's time to act to #EndGunViolence.
We need an Attorney General who will be fair and impartial in upholding our country’s laws—especially in regard to equal protection for all communities and a woman’s right to make her own health care decisions. William Barr would not be that AG. I cannot support his nomination.
I’m voting against William Barr to serve as AG. His support of expansive executive power is alarming—especially at a time when we need an Attorney General who’ll stand up to the president when he’s wrong. The Senate should block Barr’s nomination.
Navy CPO Shannon Kent was tragically killed while serving our country overseas. Before deploying, she’d faced red tape in pursuing her goal to become a clinical psychologist for the Navy. I’m proud to have encouraged the Navy to change its policies in her honor.
Franklin D. Roosevelt was one of the most influential leaders of our nation. Thousands travel to the Hudson Valley each year to visit his home, so I’m excited that my bill to expand the Franklin D. Roosevelt Historic Site passed the Senate as part of the #PublicLands package!
By capping SALT deductions, the #GOPTaxScam hurt hardworking New York homeowners who play by the rules, while gifting over a trillion dollars in tax cuts to the biggest corporations. I've co-sponsored legislation to repeal this cap and ease the burden it's putting on our state.
My legislation to begin the process of designating the Finger Lakes Region as a National Heritage Area passed the Senate as part the #PublicLands package! So proud of this win. The Finger Lakes Region is one of our country’s great historical and cultural treasures.
My heart is with the family and loved ones of NYPD Det. Brian Simonsen, who was tragically killed last night during an armed robbery, and praying for the recovery of Sgt. Matthew Gorman who was wounded. Such a painful loss for NYC. We’re indebted to their service and sacrifice.
Working families need a real paid leave program like the #FAMILYAct, which would guarantee 12 weeks of #paidleave for every American worker.
LIVE: Re-introducing the FAMILY Act with Rep. Rosa DeLauro, workers, and advocates.
The #FAMILYAct is the best #paidleave plan out there for workers, businesses, and the country. Here’s why:
Nearly every American worker will need to take time off to care for a loved one. Let’s finally give all working people in this country the comprehensive, inclusive #paidleave program they deserve: The #FAMILYAct.
RT @NPWF: Today, @gillibrandny and @rosadelauro took a step toward making comprehensive, inclusive #paidleave a reality for all working peo…
The U.S. remains the only industrialized country in the world that doesn't guarantee some form of #paidleave. It's time to fix it—and I'm proud to lead this fight once again with @RosaDeLauro, alongside workers and advocates from across the country. Let's pass the #FAMILYAct.
The State Dept. recently agreed to make additional payments to several Holocaust survivors and their families. Glad that some of the survivors and heirs of this dark time in our history will finally receive some measure of justice and recognition.
@sarahalli13 @SenGillibrand @SenSchumer @ABrindisiNY Sarah, our office is happy to speak with you — please give us a call at (212) 688-6262. Thank you.
I wrote a provision into the defense bill that would increase the amount of #paidleave offered to parents and caregivers in our military. Glad to hear that the Army is finally implementing this change to strengthen our military families!
Any drug company that would place profits over patients' access to life saving medicine must be held accountable for price gouging. Proud to partner with @SenSherrodBrown on a bill to solve this problem now.
Just introduced legislation with @SenatorCollins and @SenJackReed to #ProtectTransTroops. We should end the president's discriminatory ban and ensure that transgender service members can continue to do their jobs, serve with dignity, and protect our country.
We can't wait another second for bold, meaningful action on climate change.  We can solve this crisis and prevent catastrophe. But we must all rise to the challenge.  I'm proud to join @SenMarkey, @RepAOC and colleagues across Congress on an historic #GreenNewDeal resolution.
What happened at #MDCBrooklyn was completely unacceptable. Today, I joined @NydiaVelasquez, @JerryNadler and several House and Senate colleagues to demand a full review from the DOJ Inspector General and the BOP. We'll fight to ensure that this never happens again.
My thoughts on tonight’s State of the Union speech. #SOTU
Honored to welcome my special guest, Lt. Commander Blake Dremann, to the Capitol for tonight’s #SOTU. He's a decorated Navy Lt. Commander, one of thousands of transgender service members serving our nation with honor and distinction.  I'm so thrilled that he's here!
Xinnian kuaile! Wishing a very happy #LunarNewYear to all who are celebrating. I hope that the #YearOfThePig brings prosperous opportunities and happiness to all.
I’ll continue to stand up for current and future transgender service members, and lead the fight against the president's hateful ban. Following #SOTU, I'll introduce new legislation to ensure that any transgender American who meets the standards can join our Armed Forces.
Transgender service members like Lt. Commander Dremann make extraordinary sacrifices every day to defend our freedom and most sacred values. President Trump’s decision to ban them from military service is cruel and undermines military readiness. #SOTU
Lt. Commander Blake Dremann is one of thousands of transgender Americans serving in our military with honor and distinction. He's been deployed 11 times and won the Navy’s highest logistics award. I’m inspired by his leadership—and honored that he'll be my #SOTU guest.
I’ve written to Acting Attorney General Whitaker and BOP Acting Director Hurwitz to demand immediate action to fix the inhumane conditions at #MDCBrooklyn.
Saddened to hear of the passing of Chief Warrant Officer Michael Kozloski from Mahopac, New York, who served his country faithfully for nearly two decades. Sending my deepest condolences to his family and loved ones.
I spoke on the phone with the Acting Director of the Federal Bureau of Prisons regarding the situation at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn—and urged him to fix this inhumane situation immediately. #MDC
It’s been reported that since Monday, detainees at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Sunset Park, Brooklyn have had limited power and heat in freezing temperatures. My team and I are deeply concerned. We're looking into this situation and demanding answers accountability.
February is #BlackHistoryMonth, when we celebrate the ways the Black community has shaped—and will continue to shape—our nation. Let's celebrate the accomplishments of this community and recognize the remaining work we all must do to tackle institutional racism and injustice.
This ruling is long overdue for our Blue Water Navy Vets. The VA should honor this decision immediately—and we must continue to fight to pass our bipartisan legislation to ensure that all Blue Water Vets receive the benefits they are owed.
After meeting with @EPA nominee Andrew Wheeler this morning, I've decided to vote against his confirmation. Under his watch as acting administrator, the EPA is shirking its responsibility to protect New Yorkers' health and well-being.
Our nation’s interstate highway system remains one of the most transformative achievements in our history—but, like in the case of I-81 in Syracuse, it all too often hurts marginalized communities. We can't afford to repeat those mistakes.
.@BetsyDeVosED's Title IX proposals are a betrayal of survivors of sexual assault on college campuses and in all our schools.   Let's fight this together. Submit a comment to @usedgov by tomorrow, Jan. 30, to oppose this proposal. #HandsoffIX
On #HolocaustRemembranceDay, we remember and mourn the millions of Jews and others who were killed by hate, intolerance, and ignorance. We must never forget this dark chapter of history, and vow to ensure that such atrocities never happen again.
Foster children a need loving home, no matter what religion is practiced by their foster parents. This move is appalling. The federal government should never allow, much less encourage, this kind of religious discrimination.
President Trump has finally agreed to end this absurd shutdown and the unnecessary suffering inflicted upon 800,000 federal workers. It shouldn't have taken this long.
Flights into LaGuardia Airport were delayed this morning due to a shortage of air traffic control staff. All because of this pointless government shutdown. These are the people who ensure our flight safety! This is absurd. Open the government.
We need to take the problem of climate change seriously and seek bold, innovative, and inclusive solutions. I’m urging Congress to support a #GreenNewDeal:
Climate change is real. The evidence is now overwhelming that if we don’t act immediately to stop it, our lives will all be upended in potentially catastrophic ways. It’s time for Congress to get serious about this severe threat and support a #GreenNewDeal.
For 34 days, the shutdown has impacted 800k federal workers who've been going without pay. It's threatening basic public health and safety. And it's taking a toll on millions of Americans who cannot access the services they need. It's time to stop this nonsense. #EndtheShutdown
High-quality child care can lead to better outcomes for our kids—but families across New York and the country are concerned about rising costs. @SenatorShaheen, @SenBrianSchatz, @SenAmyKlobuchar and I are re-introducing a bill to expand access:
Transgender service members have been serving openly with honor and distinction. They're willing to die for this country, for our freedom, for our values. This decision is a rebuke of their patriotism and will undermine military readiness by plunging their lives into uncertainty.
The government has been shut down for almost 27 days. Instead of voting to end the shutdown, @SenateGOP leadership is moving forward on a bill to restrict coverage of reproductive health services! Stop playing politics with people's lives. Call a vote to end this shutdown.
We've lost far too many from horrific truck underride collisions. These deaths are preventable, and we must act.  I'll keep fighting to pass my bipartisan legislation, the Stop Underrides Act, which would ensure truck safety and save
Neomi Rao, who was just nominated to replace Brett Kavanaugh on the DC Circuit court, has no business being anywhere near the federal bench.
Your reminder that the government has been shutdown for 25 days – the longest government shutdown in American history. Enough is enough. The president must stop playing politics with people’s lives and re-open the government.
I’m re-introducing the MOMS Act, which would take important steps to address our nation’s growing maternal mortality crisis.  We need to do more to protect new mothers. And we need to do more to end institutional racism in our health care system. Here's how my bill would do it:
The president is putting his ineffective and wasteful border wall over the lives and health of millions of Americans. It’s unacceptable. This shutdown must end.
RT @poststar: Gillibrand names two Saratoga County students for service academy
Families are at risk of losing SNAP benefits. Domestic violence shelters are risk of closing. 800k federal workers and contractors aren't being paid. Thousands more are being denied access to basic services.We deserve better. It's time for the president to end this shutdown.
Just went to the House floor to see my friend @GabbyGiffords be honored for her strength and bravery.
Today, @NydiaVelazquez, @SenSchumer, @SenWarren, @SenKamalaHarris and I announced legislation to create a new, 9/11-style Congressional commission to investigate exactly how and why the federal government abandoned its responsibilities and turned its back on Puerto Rico.
The storms were bad enough, but the government’s response to them was truly horrific — especially when the island was already reeling from an economic disaster.We need to get to the bottom of exactly what went so terribly wrong.
15 months after the devastation of Hurricanes Maria and Irma, it’s clear that Congress and the president have failed to protect Puerto Rico and the millions of Americans who live there.
In my office right before my swearing in. Yes, we did eventually get some lunch for Senator Henry!
Each day that I get to serve New York in the U.S. Senate is a privilege, and I'm particularly grateful for this moment. Today, I was proud to be sworn into the 116th Congress alongside a historic number of women serving!  Much work lies ahead. It's an honor to fight for you.
With each passing minute, @realDonaldTrump's shutdown inflicts harm on the livelihoods of workers who provide vital government services and keep us safe. He should end this nonsense and accept the offer that Democrats have put on the table to reopen our government.
Happy Holidays! This time is one of my favorite parts of the year — I hope you are having a great one with your family and loved ones.
Our country's cash bail system keeps thousands in New York locked up every year, even if they haven’t been convicted of a crime. And an extremely high number of them are people of color. I stood with @TheRevAl, @NYSNAACP, @BrennanCenter to call on Congress to solve this.
For the past 16 years, the VA has excluded Blue Water Navy vets, who were exposed to Agent Orange during the Vietnam War, from needed health benefits because of an arbitrary rule. This week, one Senator blocked the passage of a bipartisan bill to help them. That's shameful.
RT @architectmag: New York Senator Kirsten Gillibrand announced the allocation of $16 million in FEMA funds to the New York State Pavilion…
The Trump administration has been dragging its feet on implementing a new law that would help end the use of dangerous PFAS chemicals at airports across New York and the country. Today, I called for the immediate implementation of this law by the @FAANews:
Three talented actors from Iran and Syria overcame huge challenges to obtain the visas they needed to perform in @TheJungleUS, a play spotlighting refugees around the world. I’m so proud that my office lent a helping hand with their cases!
There should be no doubt that climate change is real. Severe weather has become a part of our everyday life. We have to keep working toward sustainable solutions – and we have to keep speaking out.
Today, I’m so proud to introduce new legislation to rename the Manhattan VA Medical Center after this Revolutionary War hero, who paved the way for countless other women to serve and protect our country.
Corbin was awarded a lifelong pension, making her the first woman to receive a pension from the U.S. through military service. She passed away in 1789 in Highland Falls, New York and she is honored nearby at West Point, where she is honored as a hero of the Revolutionary War.
On Nov. 16, 1776, Margaret Corbin took her husband’s place at the battle of Fort Washington in Manhattan after he was fatally wounded. She was then shot by enemy fire and severely wounded.
Yesterday, I had the chance to take part in the @RedCross’s Holiday Mail for Heroes program, which encourages members of the community to send cards to patients and wounded warriors @WalterReedArmy.
Today, the Senate advanced the nomination of Kathy Kraninger to lead the @CFPB. Aside from being opposed to consumer protections, she played a central role in Trump's inhumane family separation policy at our border. I am voting NO and urge my colleagues to reject this nomination.
Today is the #NetNeutrality Day of Action. Americans across the country support #NetNeutrality, but with less than a month left for Congress to overturn the FCC's repeal, we must keep speaking out to restore a free and open internet.
It is horrific that, in 2018, we must keep having to read stories like this.  There is no place in our communities for vile, anti-Semitic behavior and we must keep coming together to condemn it. 
We need bold new ideas to solve the imminent threat of global climate change. So let’s start now. Let’s put a price on carbon. Let’s accelerate the transition to renewable energy.
At a time when voting rights are under attack, Thomas Farr represents yet another threat to the basic premise of one person, one vote. He doesn't deserve the privilege of a lifetime appointment to the federal bench. #StopFarr
RT @SenateDems: Over and over again on the most serious and consequential questions related to our sacred right to vote, Mr. Farr has been…
I’ve been disturbed to read reports about Acute Flaccid Myelitis, or AFM, a debilitating polio-like disease that's affecting children around the country. Today, I’m calling on Congressional appropriators to include emergency funding to support the CDC’s efforts to learn more:
Today is #GivingTuesday! Below are some helpful tips from @NewYorkStateAG as you consider giving to one of the many wonderful causes in New York or elsewhere.
Congratulations to my friend Andrea Stewart-Cousins, who is set to make history as the first woman Majority Leader in the New York State Senate!
Temperatures across New York are expected to hit record lows on Thanksgiving and last until Friday. Please stay warm and look out for each other. If your heat or hot water goes out, make sure to call 311 right away for assistance.
Very sad to hear of the sudden passing of State Senator José Peralta. He was a dedicated public servant to Queens and to the entire state of New York. Sending strength, prayers, and love to his family and loved ones.
I am so grateful to have the honor of representing New Yorkers in the U.S. Senate, and look forward to the work we will accomplish together in the weeks and months ahead. Wishing you and your family a very #HappyThanksgiving!
As a Federal Judge, Farr will have the power to reinforce the hate divisiveness that President Trump continues to sow in this country. It’s clear that Farr’s positions record disqualify him from a lifetime appointment. I urge my Senate colleagues to #StopFarr’s confirmation.
Farr has spent his entire career working to undermine voting rights for African Americans and communities of color.He is a known architect of voter suppression in North Carolina. He has defended discrimination against workers, women, and LGBTQ Americans.
Right after the Thanksgiving holiday, Senate Republicans will push through on a vote to confirm federal judiciary nominee Thomas Farr. I am vehemently opposed to his nomination. Here’s why:
RT @NydiaVelazquez: .@Gillibrandny I worked to pass legislation to help employee-owned businesses secure loans through @SBAgov. Now, we a…
As New Yorkers begin to face freezing temperatures this fall and winter, make sure to take precaution and stay warm. Applications for the NY Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) are now open. If you qualify, I highly encourage you to apply.
This week, I met with a courageous group of 9/11 first responders, who are back in DC yet again to advocate for the renewal of the Victims Compensation Fund, which expires in 2020. It is our moral obligation for Congress to secure and permanently renew this program.
Congress needs to do the right thing and pass a bipartisan bill to permanently reauthorize the 9/11 Victims Compensation Fund.Anything less would send a cruel message to our heroes and their families.
The Mueller investigation should proceed without interference by the president or anyone else. It is clear that the American people want answers, transparency, and accountability. We must keep speaking out until Congress passes the bipartisan bill to protect this investigation.
But the only way we will accomplish that is through negotiations that create conditions of security and economic well-being — not through rocket attacks or any other acts of terrorism.
I urge calm so the situation does not further escalate, and I still remain hopeful for a long-term, peaceful solution to this tragic conflict.
The escalation in violence on the Israel-Gaza border is deeply disturbing, and I am relieved that Israel’s missile defense programs were able to keep civilians safe from this disgraceful terror attack.
As we celebrate #VeteransDay, I think about the suffering of our Blue Water Navy Vets, who've waited for 16 years for the VA to cover them for Agent Orange exposure. We've been fighting hard to pass legislation to protect them. It's time to get this done.
On #VeteransDay and every day, let's thank our veterans for their selfless service — and for the sacrifices that they and their families made each day for our country.
Our women veterans were willing to give their lives to this country. I will always do everything in my power to make sure their service and sacrifices are given the respect they deserve.
We must keep working until we have a health care system that values people over the profits of insurance companies. It shouldn’t matter whether or not you can afford it — everyone should have access to the care they need.
Our elected leaders should work to make sure that all Americans can afford medical treatment when they need it. Instead, Republicans want to sabotage our health care system. It’s appalling. We must keep fighting for health care as a basic human right.
If you need quality, affordable health care, need to renew your plan, or want to explore your health insurance options, open enrollment for 2019 health insurance is now open! You can sign up at #GetCovered
Our religious institutions and nonprofits urgently need more federal funding to protect against violent hate crimes like the mass shooting in Pittsburgh. We must do everything we can to prevent another heinous, anti-Semitic attack from happening again. Read my letter:
The Trump administration will continue to do everything they can to sabotage the Affordable Care Act, even though it has helped millions of New Yorkers get access to health insurance. We must keep up our fight to ensure affordable, quality health care for all.
Open enrollment for health insurance in 2019 kicks off this Thursday, November 1st. Head to to explore your options and #GetCovered
No one should fall through the cracks when it comes to medical care – but unfortunately, hundreds of thousands of low-income New Yorkers still aren’t covered by our state’s Basic Health Program. We need to fix that.
My statement following this weekend’s devastating hate crime and mass shooting at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh, PA:
TODAY: You still have time to RSVP for our Buffalo Town Hall @UBuffalo! Get all the details here:
Republicans gave massive, reckless giveaways to corporations and the wealthiest among us through their #GOPTaxScam, which has exploded the federal budget deficit.   Now, guess how they want to pay for it? By cutting Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security.
I hope you can join me @UBuffalo on Friday, October 26th to talk about what’s on your mind and ask any questions you might have. RSVP here:
The limousine crash in Schoharie County was our nation’s deadliest transportation disaster in nearly a decade. The federal government has an urgent responsibility to make sure nothing like this ever happens again.
President Trump wants to end the federal recognition of nearly two million transgender people in this country, just by signing a memo. But we know that an injustice against one of us is an injustice against all of us. We’re ready to fight back. Trans people #WontBeErased.
NEW: I'm hosting a Town Hall in Buffalo on Friday, October 26th! I would love for you to join us. More info:
No one should ever have to worry about toxic chemicals in the air that they breathe or in the water that they drink.
The right to vote is a fundamental and constitutional right. We must do everything we can to #ProtectTheVote by securing our elections, by ensuring accountability and transparency, and by continuing our fight to make sure that anyone who wants to vote is able to participate.
Enough is enough — one hate crime is far too many, and New York is no place for them. I am appalled by the bias attack in Borough Park, yet another of many anti-Semitic incidents we have seen over the past month. Thanks to the NYPD for taking swift action.
Anti-Semitic flyers blaming Jews for the sexual assault allegations against Kavanaugh, found on college campuses in New York and California, are the latest disturbing episode in an uptick of anti-Semitism over the past 2 years. Truly unacceptable.
Following Sec. Mattis's troubling comments about whether women can be successful in combat roles, @SenBlumenthal and I are leading a group of 11 Senators to demand respect for female service members and a commitment to the Pentagon’s ongoing combat integration efforts. Read:
The Fort Ontario Study Act, my bipartisan bill that would begin the process of creating a national park site at the Fort Ontario Safe Haven National Refugee Shelter Museum, was signed into law! I'm glad to see this Central New York treasure gain the recognition it deserves.
I'm very proud to join @SenatorBaldwin in fighting to stop yet another effort by the Trump administration to undermine the health care protections that millions of Americans depend on. #NoJunkPlans
In case you need any more proof that the Trump administration doesn’t value women, their junk insurance plans would allow companies to deny essential services like maternity care. This could exacerbate our country's already-dire maternal mortality crisis. #NoJunkPlans
I’m voting to repeal the Trump administration’s expansion of “junk insurance” plans that allow insurance companies to deny coverage for those with pre-existing conditions. We must keep fighting back against Republican attempts to sabotage our health care system. #NoJunkPlans
I’m pleased that the FAA Reauthorization Bill left intact stronger entry-level experience requirements for regional airline first officers. This will help ensure that preventable mistakes that led to accidents like #Flight3407 never happen again.
Too many women across this country have died before, during, and after childbirth from preventable and treatable conditions. We need to show that we truly value women by addressing this tragic reality.
Millions of Americans — millions of women — are watching this moment, and make no mistake: they will rise up, speak truth to power, and fight back to right these wrongs.
The process that took place over the last few weeks with Kavanaugh’s nomination was shameful. We should have learned from our mistakes, and we should be doing much better.
Today is deeply painful for our country, for millions of women, for courageous survivors, and for all who have fought to see this Senate stand on the right side of history.
TODAY: You still have time to RSVP for our Long Island Town Hall @HofstraU! Get all the details here:
When Dr. Ford isn't treated with dignity and respect, survivors everywhere are disrespected. When Senators turn their backs on survivors who simply want to be heard, it sends a message to all survivors that they are not valued.
TOMORROW: I hope you can join me for a town hall @HofstraU to talk about what’s on your mind and ask any questions you might have. RSVP →
When the President mocked Dr. Ford, it wasn't just a low moment for our nation, it was disgraceful and disgusting, especially for survivors reliving the most painful moments of their lives.But we will not be bullied. We will not back down. We will keep speaking truth to power.
These images are appalling. Desecrating a sukkah is unacceptable, and goes against everything that New Yorkers value. cc: @ADL_National
These comments were disgraceful and disgusting. It’s clear that this president has no empathy for survivors of sexual violence — and it’s clear that he doesn’t value women.
If we don’t speak out, nothing changes. If we don’t act, nothing changes. I’m honored to stand with women across the country who have raised their voices against injustice. And we’re counting on you to keep raising your voices, too.
Our 9/11 heroes answered the call when we were attacked. Now, Congress needs to keep standing up for them. @SenSchumer, @RepMaloney, @RepNadler, @RepPeteKing I urge colleagues to permanently reauthorize fund the 9/11 VCF set to expire in 2020.
NEW: I'm hosting a Town Hall on Long Island @HofstraU on Friday, October 5th! I would love for you to join us. More info:
Oct. 1 marks one year since the horrific Las Vegas massacre that claimed 58 lives. After this terrible tragedy, I gave a speech on the Senate Floor, imploring my colleagues to do something about the scourge of gun violence in this country. A year later, Congress has yet to act.
RT @PPGenAction: "Do not give up. Do not back down. Do not be quiet. When they can't look you in the eye? Don't stop telling your truth!" -…
RT @SenateDems: Tune in as @GillibrandNY stands with @RepAnnieKuster and other survivors of sexual assault and harassment as they share the…
Dr. Blasey Ford deserves to be heard and treated with respect. Her testimony should be taken seriously by my Republicans colleagues on the Senate Judiciary Committee. When she testifies this morning, I'll be there to have her back. So will millions of women across the country.
I wrote a new letter with @SenWhitehouse and @MartinHeinrich urging President Trump to withdraw Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination.
If we allow women’s experiences of sexual trauma to be second to a man's promotion, not only will it diminish this watershed moment of societal change we are in, it will bring shame upon the Senate and on the Court. #IBelieveChristine
RT @SenateDems: “Women have lived through this, and when they are watching some of the most powerful people in this country disregard, dist…
RT @SenateDems: .@gillibrandny: This is not about whether or not he should be convicted; this is about whether he has the privilege to serv…
RT @SenateDems: .@gillibrandny: We are saying that women are less than a man’s promotion. That’s not how the world is in 2018, and we canno…
See more of my conversation with @AndersonCooper here:
I joined @AC360 from Capitol Hill to demand a proper FBI investigation into the latest sexual assault allegations against Brett Kavanaugh. #BelieveSurvivors
RT @LaGuardiaCC: Honored to have Senator @gillibrandny on campus today for Queens Town Hall.  Important questions being asked.  Thank you f…
TODAY: You still have time to RSVP for our Queens Town Hall @LaGuardiaCC! Get all the details here:
Republicans are trying to bully Dr. Christine Blasey Ford into a sham hearing meant to smear her character and dismiss her credible allegations. They want a “he said, she said” scenario. We cannot let Dr. Ford be railroaded by ignorance and ideology. #IBelieveChristine
I hope you can join me @CUNY @LaGuardiaCC on Sunday, September 23 to talk about what’s on your mind and ask any questions you might have. RSVP here:
One year later, our fellow Americans in #PuertoRico are still facing the aftermath of #HurricaneMaria and its continued impact on the island.We must never stop fighting for the islands until they are rebuilt, and fully back on their feet.
Families in Puerto Rico are still dealing with the aftermath of #HurricaneMaria. Many are still grieving the loss of their loved ones — and many remain displaced. We have much to do to make sure our fellow Americans are able to recover from the devastation.
#IBelieveChristine Blasey Ford.Her credible allegation of sexual assault against Brett Kavanaugh should disqualify him from ever being confirmed to the Supreme Court.
NEW: I'm hosting a Town Hall in Queens at @LaGuardiaCC on Sunday, September 23! I would love for you to join us. More info:
The new allegation against Judge Kavanaugh should affect every Senator's view on his nomination. Given what we know, I believe it is disqualifying. #StopKavanaugh
I’m hearing over and over again at town halls that New Yorkers are concerned about health care. No one should have to worry about access to quality health care. #MedicareforAll will guarantee Americans the basic dignity of the health care that they deserve.
Too many of New York’s rural communities are being left behind when they need investment. We must pass the Rural Jobs Investment Act so that local leaders and small businesses can get the resources they need to innovate, create jobs, grow our economy.
