Fighting for a future for my girls (born coming soon!) and girls of all ages just like them across the globe where opportunity abounds. #InternationalWomensDay
Democrats’ bill puts more money in politics, and worse yet, they’ll use public dollars to do it. #NOTForThePeopleAct
Congrats to all in Lewis County who worked so diligently to save the Timberline cabins! It was an honor for me to play a role by pressing @fema to step up w/ timely funding. What a well-deserved recognition.
Portland and Vancouver share a lot of people and traffic. We should be doing everything possible to keep our residents safe which is why I spoke out against Portland’s decision to withdraw from the FBI’s Joint Terrorism Task Force.
Thank you, Columbia Springs, for hosting our STEM App event and for the tour of your very cool trout hatchery. It was great to learn the history and how you’re working to preserve our trout and salmon runs.
RE: stemming the #maternalmortality crisis: If a state is doing something wrong and the citizens don’t have the ability to correct it, there’s an area for the federal government to be engaged and help shine the
We must invest in and support working families to maintain a strong economy.
My job is to help people cut through the bureaucracy, so it’s exciting to see something happen this quickly based on the collaborative effort.
It was great to be in Pacific Co. recently and chat w/ @chinookobserver I will continue to focus on important issues like helping prevent youth drug use and opioid addiction, and keeping our ports working and economy
Glad we can continue this great tradition of rewarding students’ creativity in the field of computer science and #STEM You two have very bright futures!
Prairie HS girls won state! We're all so proud of your victory!
Read about our bill here:
As the demand for child care continues to rise across SW WA, the number of quality care providers is dwindling, setting up a crisis for working families struggling to find afford child care. I’ve intro. a bipartisan solution w/ @CollinPeterson @SenAmyKlobuchar @SenDanSullivan
I am proud to help recognize the tremendous sacrifice of the thousands of service members who were wounded in battle and continue to serve our great nation.
It’s not right that active duty service members wounded in combat aren’t eligible for the VA home loan funding fee waiver. I introduced a bill to expand the waiver to give financial relief to our military heroes still serving our country @MOPH_HQ
Congrats to Skyview High students OJ Kamboj and Annika Epperly on winning the SW WA App Competition! It was fun to hear them talk last week about the app they created – “The Fin-damentals of Fish Care” – designed to help 5-12 year olds learn to care for pets.
Hopeful we can move this bill swiftly in the House, like we did last Congress, so medically-complex kids can get the specialty care they need – regardless of their zip code.
Whether we’re fighting for access to health care for low-income kids or working on legislation to rapidly respond to opioid overdoses, moms offer a unique, and needed, voice in Congress.
I support border security; today I voted to prevent a future president from unilaterally enacting a Green New Deal:
I’ve been in the NICU and met parents who were fighting to make sure their medically-complex child received necessary care. With the ACE Kids Act, we’re helping families access life-saving medical treatment, regardless of their zip code.
It was great to stop by Ocean Beach Hospital last week to present them with a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol and hear about the plans for a new clinic in Naselle. Our Critical Access Hospitals are such an important part of our rural communities.
A health crisis of this magnitude demands immediate action at the highest levels of government — or so you’d think. But before I was elected to Congress, there were no federal efforts to address the #maternalmortality epidemic.
Chehalis Chairman Harry Pickernell Sr. told me the tribe’s main goal in building this distillery and brewery is to provide new jobs to community members. I’m pleased I was able to help when my bill was signed into law that repealed the prohibition of distilleries on tribal lands.
The Chehalis Tribe plans to build the largest distillery west of the Mississippi right here in Grand Mound. It was very cool to meet with the project team, who are all tribal members, see the architect’s rendering, and tour the site yesterday.
RT @WSJ: Opinion: "Doctors said our baby couldn’t survive birth. We tried something new, and it worked," writes @HerreraBeutler
Thank you to all who joined this port-hosted discussion in Ilwaco. It was good to hear about the latest priorities of the fishing industry, the community, and what it takes to keep ports like Ilwaco and Chinook working to keep Pacific County’s economy afloat.
For the safety of the tens of thousands of Southwest Washington residents who must work, go to school or see their doctors in Portland, I am urging the Portland City Council to reconsider its decision to withdraw from the FBI’s Joint Terrorism Task Force.
There are over 1,800 Washingtonians on the wait list to receive an organ. Meanwhile, there are healthy adults wanting to donate, but experience difficulty paying for insurance after their procedure. My bipartisan bill works to protect living organ donors.
“The costs of a catastrophic train derailment are enormous, and those costs are indefensible if they could be prevented by updated braking systems.” I introduced a bill to reinstate critical safety requirements for oil trains traveling through SW WA.
Welcome home.
@LibnOfCongress
Meet Dr. Carla Hayden, the Librarian of Congress! It was a real treat to meet with her this week and here how @librarycongress is engaging with the citizens across the country. For instance, last year Centralia Christian School was able to utilize their Surplus Books Program.
If President Obama had ever hinted at using emergency powers in this way, I would have spoken out strongly against it, and consistency demands that I do the same now. #NationalEmergency
Life-saving organ donations also saves Medicare millions of dollars and cut costs across the health care system, which means it helps meet my goal of delivering better health care to Southwest Washington residents.
Organ donation is the gift of life. I am proud to work with colleagues in both the House and Senate on this bipartisan legislation to protect living donors and removing existing barriers to donation.
“Perhaps the first one chased a salmon upriver and—what luck!—stumbled upon a buffet. Then he returned w/ his buddies, they w/ their buddies. 100 to 200 sea lions now hunt at Bonneville Dam.” Thankfully we now have a tool in place to manage this problem.
It was great to see so many friends – and meet new ones – at the Sportsman’s Show this weekend. I’ll continue to be a strong advocate for sportsmen’s interests in Congress so that we can all enjoy the great outdoors for generations to come!

Thank you @CCANational for the award recognizing our efforts to manage sea lions and save salmon in the Columbia River.
Cheers to all my fellow working moms who daily navigate a maze of childcare, trying to keep our kids healthy balancing competing priorities. As a member of Congress w/ this unique perspective, I work tirelessly to enact the best policies for SW WA
This @HouseAppropsGOP subcommittee has provided opportunities to improve workforce training and innovation in federal education efforts, and I look forward to continue working on these Southwest Washington priorities this year.
Yep, we have our work cut out for us. But at least now that my legislative initiative is the law of the land – the largest step Congress has taken to address #maternalmortality – we can begin to understand this national crisis and reverse course.
Our first Labor, Health Human Svcs Sub. hearing this morning. I raised concerns about increased cost of health care premiums for SW WA how kids on Medicaid often get overlooked. I'll keep fighting to make sure all families have quality, affordable health care.@HouseAppropsGOP
As someone focused on improving access to and quality of affordable health care for everyone, I’m eager to continue serving on the @HouseAppropsGOP Labor, Health and Human Services Subcommittee.
With trains carrying hazardous materials through Southwest Washington, it is paramount we increase safety for nearby communities. I reintroduced a bill to reinstate the braking upgrade requirement for trains carrying flammable liquids.
Helped introduce a bill to protect preexisting conditions coverage for SW WA residents, despite legal status of ACA


Southwest Washington residents can join me for a live, tele-town hall tonight from 5:35-6:35pm PST for an update on government funding, this region’s legislative priorities, and to ask whatever is on your mind. Call 1-877-229-8493 and use passcode 116365.
I will be hosting a live tele-town hall Wed. evening from 5:35-6:35pm PST for Southwest Washington residents. You call in anytime during the event at 1-877-229-8493 and using the passcode 116365. Or you can sign up to be added to our call list here:
Regarding U.S. Rep. Steve King’s reprehensible comments, I can’t say it any better than my friend and colleague Tim Scott did here is absolutely no place for racist views like this in our discourse. None.
Now that my bill to prevent maternal deaths has been signed into law, states will have the tools they need to review every death and develop best practices to prevent future tragedies.
We can end this shutdown if both negotiating parties would accept immigration policies they’ve supported before. Read my full column:
As I sign the oath of office for the 116th Congress, I am honored to once again get to work every day for the amazing people of Southwest Washington.
“Congress should be commended for finally agreeing on this common-sense fix. Passing the federal measure was included as one of several recommendations from Gov. Jay Inslee’s orca recovery task force last month.”
I joined 7 WA state lawmakers in sending a letter to Gov. @JayInslee asking him to consider alternatives to light rail in addressing the I-5 bridge. Past light rail proposals have been soundly rejected by Clark Co residents in multiple county-wide votes.
Thank you, Speaker Ryan, for signing my bipartisan bill, Preventing Maternal Deaths Act, last night. Next stop: POTUS!
The president has signed my sea lion bill into law!
Let’s go fishing!
This bill is so important. It allows families to access the best doctors and facilities for their kids – even if that means they have to cross into another state.
The U.S. is ranked 47th globally for #maternalmortality – our rate of moms dying is worse than Iran’s. With passage of this bill, we are working to reverse that trend and save moms’ lives.
It was great to get this photo along w/ a note from Mike, a member of the @MtStHelensNVM Trac Riders, about how the newly-built warming shelter has already helped w/ a rescue operation on the mountain. It was an honor to help get this shelter completed. Thanks for sharing, Mike!
It’s been a productive week. I’m working hard to improve life for SW WA residents – whether it’s taking steps to remove barriers for kids on Medicaid to access the care they need or placing Indian tribes on equal economic footing as non-tribal members.
We’re going to investigate every single death because these moms are worth it.
My bill to prevent moms dying during pregnancy, childbirth postpartum PASSED the Senate last night, which means it’s on its way to @POTUS! This is a good day for the future of moms in America.
This bill is dedicated to the mothers we have lost, moms like Kira, who lost her life just hours after giving birth to a healthy baby boy. We honor the lives of these mothers, the loved ones who remember them, and strive to prevent such tragedies in the future.
No victory is won w/o a team. Grateful for the partnership of my colleague @RepSchrader @SenatorRisch @SenatorCantwell for shepherding this thru the Senate. I'm pleased we're able to give NW fish managers a critical tool to help save our salmon.
RT @MarchofDimesPrz: Preventing #Maternal Deaths Act HR 1318 passes! Thanks to the US House of Representatives! And to Rep. @HerreraBeutler…
It was an honor to speak on the House floor in support of Preventing Maternal Deaths Act.
My sea lion bill passed out of Congress and is now moving to the President’s desk! This was a hard-fought victory – and it’s a personal victory for each of us who treasure our Northwest salmon runs and want to see them preserved for generations to come.
RT @RepJoeKennedy: A crisis of maternal mortality —particularly one entrenched and exacerbated along racial lines — is unacceptable in the…
RT @MySMFM: The U.S. House of Representatives passed the Preventing Maternal Deaths Act (#HR1318)!  Many thanks to @HerreraBeutler @RyanCos…
Signed into law! @POTUS signed my bipartisan bill to repeal a prohibition of distilleries on tribal land. This is a good day for the Chehalis Tribe others who can now expand economically bring new skills training and jobs to our region.
PASSED the House! My bipartisan bill, Preventing Maternal Deaths Act, is the strongest step Congress has taken to combat the rise of maternal deaths in the U.S.
RT @1000Days: Thank you to @HerreraBeutler and @RepDianaDeGette for working to pass the Preventing Maternal Deaths Act. We must do everythi…
Big news: Two of my initiatives to improve health care for women and children are scheduled to receive a vote in the U.S. House tomorrow.
We need more affordable housing in Vancouver. I’m glad I could help by increasing the low-income housing tax credit for places like Meriwether that I had the privilege of touring and meeting its new residents.
There’s not a silver bullet for relieving congestion in Southwest Washington. It will take many different approaches; this is one.
Thank you for sharing with me the issues important to WA businesses, and how we can keep the economy rolling.
I’m pretty excited to see this one headed to the President. This really should have been done well before my time. It’s just putting tribal members on the same level footing as everyone
Nice work, @VancouverSD They were highlighted as a top school district in the nation for high-quality STEM programs and innovative learning.
It was an honor to pay my respects and celebrate the legacy of a great man and president, George H.W. Bush, at the Capitol today. #Remembering41
Today, President George H.W. Bush will lie in state at the U.S. Capitol. You can watch the ceremony live @ 2:00pm PT here: #Remembering41
Our nation lost a great statesman, WW II veteran, devoted husband and father, and a man who dedicated his life to public service and leading with character. President George H.W. Bush, we salute you. Sending our love and prayers to the Bush family.
I introduced a bill today to repeal this controversial regulation and clarify that the Clean Water Act remains in effect as it has been interpreted for more than four decades.
It’s time for Congress to restore the more sensible definition of “navigable waters” and provide relief to farmers and landowners who have been hit hard by the costly “Waters of the U.S.” rule.
Eric died in service to our nation, and for that we'll forever be grateful. My prayers are with his family and loved ones – our community grieves with them.
It is with heavy hearts we mourn the loss of one of our own who paid the ultimate sacrifice: Army Sgt. 1st Class Eric Michael Emond of Brush Prairie was killed serving his country in Afghanistan yesterday.
When the Chehalis Tribe first approached me about this distillery prohibition, it was clear that Congress needed to take action and repeal it in the name of fairness. So pleased we are now sending this common-sense, bipartisan bill to the president’s desk.
My tribal-fairness bill is about to become law: last night, the Senate passed their version of my House-passed bill to repeal an old law preventing tribes from building a distillery on their land. Thrilled we removed this economic hurdle for SW WA tribes:
In an effort to help relieve congestion for Southwest Washington commuters, I’m requesting the @uscoastguard revisit its protocol for I-5 drawbridge lifts during rush hour. You can read more here:
This is not right and I will continue to fight Oregon’s plan to disproportionately pick our pockets with this tolling scheme.
I’ve been asking SW WA residents who commute to Portland for work if they have any say in when they start their work day. David says he has no choice, which means if Oregon has its way and implements tolls on I-5 and I-205, he’ll be paying a premium price to commute to work.
Today is #SmallBusinessSaturday so let’s shop local! I’m proud of our incredible and unique small businesses in Southwest Washington. I am committed to advancing policy that helps entrepreneurs and starts-ups succeed.
Thank you to all our brave and skilled firefighters – including the 100 who have been deployed from Washington – currently battling the California wildfires. Praying for a quick end to the blazes and safety for all.
One of the greatest privileges I have as SW WA’s Representative is to assist veterans all over this region who have answered the call to serve our nation. To all those who have worn the uniform and selflessly sacrificed for our freedom, thank you!
Enjoy free access to Fort Vancouver, Lewis Clark, and Mount Rainier National Parks this Sunday in honor of our nation’s heroes. #ThankAVeteran #VeteransDay
In honor of our veterans, @forestservice is waiving day-use recreation fees @ some of their most popular Columbia River Gorge sites this weekend, including Bridge of the Gods Trailhead, Dog Mountain Trailhead, Eagle Creek Day Use Area. More info here:
“Big picture: The strongest labor market in decades is powering a U.S. economy that’s likely to set a record for the longest expansion ever by next year. The unemployment rate recently fell to a 48-year low of 3.7%.”
When there was a major threat of river erosion to the Timberland Community cabins, the neighbors banded together to see this project through to completion. It was an honor to assist this project moving forward with some help from federal funding.
Gene, don’t quit yet – there’s still hope! We’ve made great strides on a viable solution to protect our endangered fish runs remove the most problematic sea lions from the Columbia with the passage of my bipartisan bill. Now we need it to pass in the Senate become law!
“It’s also good news that average hourly wages for production-level workers have climbed 3.9% and 4.5% for manufacturing employees over the last three months.”
Have you heard about the Surplus Books Program? Schools can receive books from the @librarycongress It was my privilege to deliver these special books this afternoon @CentraliaChrist
Wow, the October jobs report is looking good for Southwest Washington!
The @USDOT made the wrong call to roll back a crucial braking-upgrade requirement for oil trains so I’m taking legislative action to correct this mistake and protect the best interests of Southwest Washington.

I was happy to work with @forestservice to get the new warming shelter project back on track after it had gotten stalled earlier this year. I’m thrilled this awesome shelter will now be ready for the 2018 winter recreation season!
After the warming shelter on Marble Mountain burned down seven years ago, the Mount St. Helens Trac Riders Snowmobile Club worked tirelessly with @forestservice to get this structure re-built. On Saturday, I joined the club celebrating the completion of the new shelter.
“They are more and more brazen.” Christine recently told me how her experience fishing on the Columbia has changed over the years with the influx of sea lions. I will not stop fighting to preserve our fish runs for generations to come.
More great economic news for Southwest Washington workers – wages continue to grow at the biggest clip in a decade.
It was an honor to join SW WA Society for Human Resource Management for their conference in Vancouver on Friday talk about our economy, the future of immigration health care. And thank you for helping folks in Southwest Washington get, and keep, great jobs!
U.S. consumer confidence rose in October to an 18-year high amid optimism about jobs and the economy, according to figures Tuesday from the New York-based Conference Board.
RT @MarchofDimes: A4.2: We thank @HerreraBeutler @RepDianaDeGette @RepRyanCostello @SenatorHeitkamp @SenCapito for championing this importa…
As a mother and a lawmaker, I’ll keep working with my Republican and Democrat colleagues to reverse the troubling trend of maternal mortality and save moms.
“I am tired of seeing ocean mammals in a freshwater river eating the bellies out of salmon, steelhead sturgeon.” That’s from Daniel, who wrote to me re: the overpopulation of sea lions on the Columbia. I’m hopeful the Senate will get my bill passed soon, as we did in the House.
Celebrating the completion of the new bank protecting the cabins in Packwood from the Cowlitz River was a memorable day. I was pleased to play a role in the project by securing the necessary funding through @fema
By choosing to fortify corn masa flour w/ folic acid, manufacturers can help prevent countless babies from being born with birth defects, particularly in Hispanic communities. I will continue my efforts to enact change in this critical area.
Thank you, @SavetheChildren for sharing with me yesterday the importance of prioritizing high-quality early learning.
One of the best parts of my job is being able to help folks in SW WA navigate federal bureaucracy. I was pleased to help Mr. Dierenfeld obtain his presidential service award for his time in the White House, and it was my honor to catch up with him at my Vancouver office today.
I’m proud to have helped pass the most comprehensive federal approach to the opioid epidemic. With this legislation, more people will have access to resources to help them climb out of the pit of addiction and have hope for a bright future.
SW WA is good at growing trees! Our forests are one of our greatest renewable resources. Properly managed, they provide abundant benefits for species, clean water air, recreation, the rural economies that depend on the jobs revenue from @WorkingForests #ForestProductsWeek
New report from @USAChildCare shows the cost of child care remains too high – on par with mortgages and college tuition. Parents should not have to choose between work their kids. This is why I cosponsored the bipartisan PACE Act. #ChildCareandUS
I’ve been asking Southwest Washington citizens to tell me how Oregon’s plan to toll I-5 and I-205 at the state line would impact them. Vicki mentions needing to travel to Portland for medical care. I’ll continue my legislative action to halt Oregon’s unfair tolling scheme.
Thanks to the tax cuts we passed, SW WA now has 19 designated “opportunity zones” that will help investors use a new tax incentive that encourages development in low-income areas. Statewide, Gov. Inslee designated 139 “opportunity zones” earlier this year.
For the sake of our Columbia River Gorge communities our environment, we need stronger safety measures when it comes to transporting hazardous materials by rail. I introduced a bill that would reinstate federal oil train safety standards:
These are smart animals. Non-lethal methods to remove the most problematic sea lions from the Columbia River haven’t worked; the sea lions are only growing in number. I am hopeful the Senate will act swiftly to pass legislation to remove more sea lions.
Early warning is critical when it comes to natural disasters. I’m pleased I was able to help secure $23 million in a recent funding bill for an earthquake early warning system to help save lives.
I will continue supporting businesses – large and small – that fuel our Southwest Washington economy. It was a privilege to join Great Western Malting in Vancouver last week.
I’ve been asking folks in Southwest Washington how they think we should address the overpopulation of sea lions in the Columbia River. Thanks to all who have shared their fishing experiences and ideas with me. Here’s what Dean says:
Providing access to our wonderful public lands is vital to this region and personal to me. I'm thankful to the Mount St. Helens Trac Riders for their dedication, and that I was able to assist moving this project forward.
More positive economic news for jobs and wages in Southwest Washington!
It’s great that businesses here in Southwest Washington are taking crucial steps in helping to conserve our natural resources, while still producing high-quality products. @awbolympia
It was an honor to join @awbolympia “Manufacturing Week” bus tour when they made a stop here in Vancouver at Great Western Malting to present them with the Green Manufacturing award.
Great news for folks in Southwest Washington looking for a job.
Investing resources in our youth brings benefit to the community. It was my privilege last week to tour Next, a new youth center in Vancouver seeking to assist young people with skills training education. It’s always great to see how federal funds are helping people here.
I am committed to protecting good-paying commerce jobs here in Southwest Washington.
It was great to celebrate Bridger Steel’s grand opening at the Port of Kalama last week. It’s refreshing to see growth and good-paying, new jobs come to Southwest Washington. And to Amalak Women’s Service Organization – thank you for the delicious desserts!
Thank you, @awbolympia for hosting this tour highlighting some great manufacturers in Southwest Washington.
So far, more than 725 employers have given bonuses, raises or improved benefits thanks to the legislation.
Starbucks recently announced it will pay the majority of the cost for care for an employee's sick child or parent under a new benefits program they're offering that they credited to these tax cuts.
When we passed the tax cuts last year, we did it so that families would not only get to keep more of their money, but to spur better benefits and wages.
Navigation jobs – coastal and inland – help keep our region afloat. I am humbled by the recognition of my efforts to make sure our waterways are serving the citizens and economy of Southwest Washington. You can read more here:
Pacific NW Waterways Assoc. annually recognizes a member of Congress “for their efforts leadership on behalf of navigation economic development interests in the Northwest.” It was a huge honor to accept the “Legislator of the Year” award today at their convention in Vancouver
I’ve been asking Southwest Washington residents to tell me how Oregon’s plan to toll I-5 and I-205 at the state line would impact them. Here’s what a truck driver has to say:
Whether it’s fishing boats being able to safely operate out of the Ports of Ilwaco Chinook, or ensuring that our fishermen shellfish growers have access to the sustainable resource they depend on, I’m committed to continuing my support of this industry.
I had a productive discussion w/ Coalition of Coastal Fisheries others in Pacific Co. Friday talking about the future well-being of our fishermen the jobs they support. I will continue working in Congress to support a strong fishing industry sustainable fish populations.
Maternal mortality in the U.S. is going the wrong direction. Today, I'm standing with families in SW WA and across the country who have lost a mom and calling for #BlanketChange I'll continue working to pass my bipartisan bill to save future moms' lives.
Medicare recipients: Keep an eye out for new cards coming your way to help protect against fraud. I will continue to stand up for SW WA seniors and protect the vital Medicare Social Security trust funds that people pay into their entire working lives.
Thank you to all the prospective military service academy students parents who came out for our info session Sat. morning! If you weren’t able to make it, you can still apply/get info: Applications are due Oct. 31. I wish all our students the best.
I’ve been asking Southwest Washington citizens to tell me how Oregon’s plan to toll I-5 and I-205 at the state line would impact them. You can read David’s response where he says tolls would impact his ability to see his kids in Portland.
I helped Congress approve a $2 billion increase in funding for @NIH which supports groundbreaking cancer research + $400 million for the Beau Biden Cancer Moonshot program to make more therapies available to patients strengthen prevention efforts. #BreastCancerAwarenessMonth
“Many economists expect pay growth to accelerate in coming months. With unemployment so low, companies are facing intense pressure to raise pay to land workers.”
It was an honor to attend the Salvation Army’s ground breaking ceremony on Wednesday in Vancouver. I’m pleased when I'm able to help allocate federal resources to bolster organizations that are doing the most good in our local communities.
“The momentum in the labor market remains strong and we expect the unemployment rate to continue to decline,” said John Ryding, chief economist at RDQ Economics in New York.
I've been asking Southwest Washington citizens to tell me how Oregon's plan to toll I-5 and I-205 at the state line would affect them. This congestion pricing-plan would be a “hardship” for working-class families like Larry’s.
Safety is paramount when it comes to transporting hazardous materials through our communities. I am taking action to reinstate stronger rules for trains carrying oil and hazardous liquids.
I've been asking Southwest Washington citizens to tell me how Oregon's plan to toll I-5 and I-205 at the state line would affect them. Here's what Randy said:
The new waterfront park will be a huge economic expansion in an area that has been through some highs and lows – this development will help even more families thrive in Southwest Washington.
Saturday was an exciting day in Vancouver as we celebrated the new waterfront park with thousands of others. My hat is off to the City of Vancouver, the developers, builders, and investors who had the vision for highlighting the Columbia River with this incredible design.
“Now it is time for Congress to provide the same kind of economic opportunity for Native American tribes and to repeal an antiquated 19th-century law that prohibits distilleries on tribal land.” We passed my bipartisan bill in the House, now Senate's turn.
.@USDOT roll back of oil train safety regulations is the wrong decision. I have supported enhanced safety measures for trains carrying oil through our Gorge communities and I am currently working on legislation to reinstate the safety requirement.
In response to my question about how Oregon's plan to toll I-5 and I-205 at the state line would affect Southwest Washington residents, here's what Garren said:
I appreciate @RepDianaDeGette joining me to bring this life-saving bill to the House floor for a vote soon.
As a mom a lawmaker, I commit to doing more to prevent moms from dying in childbirth. My bipartisan bill would take an important step forward by making sure we’re collecting data from every maternal death so we can prevent such tragedies in the future.
I testified today at @HouseCommerce Health subcommittee on behalf of my bipartisan bill, Preventing Maternal Deaths Act. Thank you to all the witnesses who spoke out about the devastating rise of mothers dying from pregnancy-related causes in the U.S.
I've been asking Southwest Washington citizens to tell me how Oregon's plan to toll I-5 and I-205 at the state line would affect them. Here's how Colynn would be impacted:
I’m proud to have written and secured passage for this legislative solution in the House. Now, I urge my colleagues in the Senate to swiftly pass this bipartisan bill to grant tribes equal opportunity for economic development. 
While there’s more to be done, I’m pleased to support two bipartisan bills that passed the House last night that will protect seniors by ensuring they receive medications at a lower price.
Prescription drugs cost seniors too much money and unfortunately, health insurers and pharmacies benefit from using “pharmacy gag clauses” – a practice some companies use to conceal prices from patients.
Sometimes, a listening ear can save a life. For those struggling with depression – and those of us who have a family member or friend who is – the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline is a critical resource to share: 1-800-273-TALK. #SuicideAwarenessMonth
From craft breweries to tech startups, Southwest Washington boasts some of the most innovative unique small businesses that fuel our economy. I’m proud to receive the “Guardian of Small Business” award for my work to support small businesses. Read more:
I was rated as the 15th most bipartisan of 438 members of the House. For me, this isn’t just a scholarly datapoint–this is a reflection of the efforts I’ve made the results I’ve gotten working with anyone, R or D, who will help make life better in SW WA.
Bob from Brush Prairie wrote to me: “I’d like to think that there might still be salmon and steelhead to fish for when my great grandsons try fishing.” Me too, Bob I won’t let up on my efforts to save our salmon runs control the sea lion population.
Lifeline Connections’ new facility in Vancouver for parenting women in substance use recovery will be life-changing. It was an honor to tour the gorgeous facility this week see how the federal funding we helped secure for this program will improve lives for moms children.
We pause today to honor and remember our nation’s heroes who gave the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. #POWMIARecognitionDay
“Some in Congress are pushing legislation that would give states money to improve the maternal death reviews.” We MUST find out why moms are dying in the U.S. at such an alarmingly high rate.
What a privilege to join nLight’s brilliant team this week in Vancouver as they celebrated the successful launch of a laser in space that will measure the topology of the earth. This cutting-edge advancement in science and engineering is critical for our nation’s future.
I was proud to have a role in this conservation project that values working forests and keeping a very popular Southwest Washington treasure accessible to the public.
When I was made aware of the tariff issue facing Steelscape in Kalama, I stepped in to protect their 300+ jobs the supply chain that impacts so many other jobs in our region. It was so fun to join Steelscape’s Family Day Sat. to meet employees tour the new Innovation Center.
I will continue to work to be the best advocate I can be for you in Congress. And I’ll keep working to reduce the sea lion population in the Columbia River. Because of your support, my bipartisan bill passed the House – now let’s get it passed in the Senate signed into law!
It was an honor to once again join Dion Hess, Brandon Traeger, and @FallenOutdoors at their unique and special fishing event last week. THANK YOU to all our heroes: law enforcement, fire fighters and veterans.
This issue is a matter of fairness; DC shouldn’t be in the business of telling Indian country it cannot engage in a business that’s allowed everywhere else and is actually helping many areas revitalize their local economies.
My bill to remove an antiquated prohibition on tribal lands passed the U.S. House Wednesday night with unanimous bipartisan support.
I’m pleased the House passed one of our @HouseAppropsGOP bills today that provides critical funding to keep our waterways open for trade and also better care for our military service members and veterans.
The completion of the Mt. St. Helens Forest Conservation Area is a huge accomplishment and it was an honor to speak at the celebration event in Vancouver on Monday. I applaud @ColumbiaNature @waDNR @SkamaniaCounty and Pope Resources for their hard work.

Thank you, @nkf Organ donations save lives, so we should do all we can to encourage organ donations. “She continues to be a steadfast champion for all those in need we are so grateful for her leadership in ensuring the job security of living donors who are eligible for FMLA.”
RT @ColumbiaNature: A huge thank you to our elected officials @SenatorCantwell @HerreraBeutler and our partners @waDNR @forestservice @Skam…
RT @thecolumbian: Officials @HerreraBeutler, @MariaCantwell applaud Columbia Land Trust’s work
I’m proud to stand alongside folks like Les Julie in the fight to end Alzheimer’s. I recently worked to secure a $414 million increase for Alzheimer’s dementia research, and have recently cosponsored a bill for the prevention, treatment care of this devastating disease.
It was a privilege for my little buddy and I to help kick off the inaugural Walk to End Alzheimer’s in Vancouver on Sunday. Amazing job to all the organizers and teams who blew their fundraising goal out of the water!
Following the 9/11 terrorist attacks, I volunteered at Ground Zero in NYC and saw how lives can be changed when community members come together around shared goals. Thank you to all of those who continue to step up today in service to your communities. #UnitedWeStand
We will #NeverForget our fellow citizens and first responders who lost their lives on this day, 17 years ago, and the immeasurable courage and sacrifice displayed by everyday heroes in the face of such evil. May God be with all their families and our nation.
I'm joining my colleagues to call for a swift, bipartisan reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act. VAWA helps save lives in SW WA, ensures survivors have access to the resources they need, helps prevent future victims of violence.
Proud to work in a bipartisan manner to improve care for children of low-income families who rely on Medicaid. Read more about our bill, the ACE Kids Act.
*Wages rose at the fastest rate since mid-2009; average hourly private-sector earnings were up 2.9% over the previous year.*201,000 new jobs in U.S.*Unemployment rate is 3.9%. I’ll keep supporting solutions that spur economic well-being for Southwest Washington residents.
The August #JobsReport brought great news – particularly the data showing that worker paychecks are growing
Honored to join my Senate counterparts yesterday as we worked on one of our Appropriations bills. I’m working to secure significant funding for the VA that will upgrade services and care for Southwest Washington veterans at the Portland VA facility.
This development for organ donors will help save lives, and I’m extremely proud to have helped play a part. I’ll continue to work to remove barriers that prevent people in Southwest Washington from getting life-saving medical care.
We’ve all experienced the impacts of substance abuse and addiction on our family and friends. I recently took another step in Congress to make our Southwest Washington communities safer and healthier. Read more here:
