When the H-2A visa system is incorrectly applied, it can destroy local businesses. But it's not only about jobs. It's about ensuring that traditions like teenage corn detasseling will always have a decided place in our social and economic ecosystem.
Nebraskans have a long and storied connection to the Czech people. One of the most beautiful parts of the 1st district is the “Bohemian Alps." Enjoyed the conversation with PM @AndrejBabis of The Czech Republic. Thank you for your partnership with our Nebraska National Guard.
I invite you listen to my telephone townhall from last night with my guest USDA Under Secretary Bill Northey. We unpacked the Farm Bill and answered a number of important ag questions. @USDA
Just voted to not lower the voting age to 16.
I love Civil War history. Great to see my good friend Jim Lighthizer, President of the American Battlefield Trust, which is doing tremendous work across our country to preserve our past. Let me know if you are interested in Civil War history. @Battlefields
Big news for vets: The Omaha VA clinic is on track to open in 2020. Nebraska continues to lead the country in public-private partnerships to help our veterans.
Found some Cornhuskers at the Iowa Farm Bureau event hosting Secretary of State Pompeo! The Secretary spoke to the issues of food security, trade, and US-China relations. @SecPompeo
At beautiful World Food Prize Center in Des Moines, Secretary of State Pompeo outlined state of play with China, calling for Beijing to agree to trade norms and enforcement mechanisms, adding that the world has awakened to China’s predatory lending practices. @SecPompeo
Appreciate the extraordinary service of the men and women at Stratcom. Dedicated to keeping our world safe. @US_Stratcom
So much fun to speak with high school students in American History and middle school students in Social Studies at Ashland-Greenwood Public School. Go Bluejays! @GoBluejays1
We have a faulty assumption in Washington: Good intentions plus more money equals great outcomes.
Always grateful to be at Strategic Command, the nerve center of our country’s nuclear command and a lynchpin of security across our interconnected world. @US_Stratcom
Important discussion with USDA today about the role that broadband plays in re-envisioning connectivity across Rural America.
Happy 152nd Birthday, Nebraska! On March 1, 1867, you became the first new state to join the Union after the Civil War. You remain a place where that union is deeply held and preserved.
In high-stakes dialogues, you’ve got to govern your emotions. The threat to the world from a nuclear nightmare with North Korea is so great, I honestly hoped for a breakthrough on denuclearization and ending the Korean War. It was not ripe. The President was right to walk away.
Great news for local and national parks: Yesterday the House passed a public lands package that includes permanent reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund and provisions that protect millions of acres of wilderness for multiple use opportunity
It’s not every day that your predecessor comes back to DC to visit. I am so glad we were able to give Congressman Bereuter the floor at the Nebraska Breakfast this morning.
Important first hearing of the Agricultural Appropriations Subcommittee, questioning the FDA on how faster generic drugs to market can lower prices:
This is a national security issue, a humanitarian issue and a drug enforcement issue. Presidents Bush and Obama committed troops to the border and to border barriers. After listening to our military leaders, I am assured the current situation is urgent.
I'm happy to report that observation flights over Russia by Offutt-based OC-135 aircraft have resumed, in observance of the Open Skies Treaty––one of the last remaining elements of cooperation between our two nations.
Always good to see members of the Nebraska American Legion in Washington to discuss important legislation to empower our courageous veterans.
In a departing act of barbarity as they fled their last stronghold in Eastern Syria, ISIS jihadists beheaded 50 Yazidi women who were held as sex slaves. #Yazidis @YazdaOrg
In an astonishing assault on human dignity, today the Senate blocked a bill that required doctors to provide medical care to any child born alive after an attempted abortion. Thank you Senator Sasse for confronting this atrocity. We will continue to pursue this bill in the House.
Hannah is a specialty livestock producer, with a fascinating background as an ag pioneer.  She is part of a growing movement of young agriculture entrepreneurs.
So great to be with distinguished members of the Nebraska National Guard at their TAG Leadership Conference in Lincoln today. And I think the push-up drill went pretty well! @NENationalGuard
Congratulations to Nate Blum on being named Executive Director of the Nebraska Grain Sorghum Board. Nate spent a number of years in service to the First Congressional District. Great job Nate!
You know it’s a good meeting when nobody wants to leave. From farm credit to digital connectivity to growing hops in Nebraska soil, great discussion today with innovators in the Husker ag family. Thank you Tom Field of Engler Agribusiness Entrepreneurship Program for your help.
Always great to be back home and sit down with Jon and Taryn Vanderford to discuss issues of concern to our farmers and ranchers on Pure Nebraska:
Next week, there is a special opportunity to welcome to Nebraska USDA Under Secretary Bill Northey. I invite you to dialogue with us about the current state of Rural America, the new Farm Bill and ongoing trade talks.
“We are excited to soon welcome the beautiful bronze statue of human rights icon Chief Standing Bear. We are meeting with the Architect of the Capitol shortly. The statue is likely to be placed in the spring.”
A number of my colleagues and I today attended the funeral of Congressman Walter Jones of North Carolina­­––a wonderful gentleman, an independent-minded statesman, and my friend.
So good to see my friend and Ponca Tribal Chairman Larry Wright, as we make plans in DC for the arrival of the statue of civil rights icon, Chief Standing Bear, which will hold pride of place in the Capitol’s Statuary Hall.
Great economic news: Nearly 2/3 of Americans in a recent poll said they expect their personal finances to be better next year, the highest level in nearly two decades. More than half believe they are “better off than just a year ago.”
Nadia Murad was my honored guest at the State of the Union. Though she was in DC to raise awareness of the #Yazidi genocide, she gently and profoundly articulated the need to respect human dignity, using the pain in her soul to help heal our broken world.
Important discussion today with the Nebraska Education Association on safety in schools.
Meaningful evening with Nobel Peace Prize winner Nadia Murad. #SOTU2019
So honored to see Maunka Morgan and students of the Little Priest Tribal College. As Maunka said, "Life is the ceremony. We are one. We all have equal places in the universe.” Thank you to our tribal members for enriching the state of Nebraska with your timeless wisdom.
Nadia endured unspeakable horrors as a prisoner of ISIS. She and her fiance are here tonight to raise awareness of the Yazidi genocide and the need for a security settlement in Northern Iraq so religious minorities can return home #SOTU2019 @NadiaMuradBasee
So honored to have Nobel Peace Prize winner Nadia Murad as my guest of honor for tonight’s State of the Union Address. @realdonaldtrump #SOTU2019 @NadiaMuradBasee
RT @NadiaMuradBasee: Thank you @JeffFortenberry for the invitation to attend #SOTU2019. I appreciate your support for the Yazidi community.…
On the wings of the OC-135B replacement, USSSTRATCOM’s new headquarters and now the decision to replace the Offutt runway, those who serve our nation from Offutt Air Force Base will have the facilities, equipment and infrastructure to keep our country safe
Nobel Prize Winner Nadia Murad will be my guest at the State of the Union. Her heartbreaking story of enslavement by ISIS, courageous escape, and ongoing fight for basic human rights for her #Yazidi people is a story the world needs to hear @realDonaldTrump @NadiaMuradBasee #SOTU
The Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty has been an important pillar of global stability for three decades, but the U.S. cannot bind itself to a treaty when the other party is in clear violation. However, let’s not stop trying, let’s not let a new arms race begin. #INF
So nice to see my friends Chris, Shane, and Eileen who came to DC to discuss legislative issues affecting the blind.  Thank you for showing me some of the important technology you use every day. @NFB_voice #NFBInDc
...This welcome adjustment from repairing the runway to a complete replacement with a modern design and materials will improve the 55th Wing’s mission effectiveness and provide taxpayers with extended cost-savings in operations and maintenance for decades to come. @Offutt_AFB
The Air Force has confirmed to me that the runway at Offutt Air Force Base will be fully replaced after decades of repairs and patches...
Thank you to Rob Robertson of the Nebraska Farm Bureau for coming before Congress today to inform us of the success of the Bureau’s cooperative health insurance plan, which has lowered premiums for farmers and ranchers by 25% while covering preexisting conditions @NEFarmBureau
Continuing the State of the Union in its customary place and time says to the American people that our country endures, our institutions endure, our values endure, no matter what the political climate, no matter who occupies the Oval Office. #SOTU
I will support this latest initiative to reopen the government and give the space for proper border security negotiations between Republicans and Democrats.
Daily proceedings in Congress start with what is called a Rule. Yesterday, I appeared amid debates on the shutdown and urged Members to open the government and secure the border. The President has provided a reasonable starting point for negotiations
The media doesn’t ride the wave of tribalism, it creates it. @FrankBruni @nytimes #CovingtonBoys
To effectively tackle work before us, Members of Congress are assigned to committees subcommittees. This allows a closer look at bills before they reach the floor for a vote. I currently serve as Ranking Member of the House Ag Appropriations Subcommittee
A lot of legislation critical to Nebraska was passed by Congress and signed into law in 2018. Here is a snapshot of that legislation from my Year-End Report covering ag, vets, infrastructure, seniors, health care, opioid abuse, food security, and defense
“Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.”—Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. #MLKDay
Good deal, Mr. President, let’s go! @realdonaldtrump
This week, I was named the Ranking Member of the House Ag Appropriations Subcommittee. To lead in this innovative space, I look to the Nebraska farm community as a model for how to grow our American farm family.
So great to be with nearly 250 young people from schools across Nebraska who came to DC for the March for Life. #MarchForLife2019
I’m grateful to be named Republican Leader of the House Ag Appropriations Subcommittee. As I was considered for this position, I recalled a time when I was a boy. My grandfather, a county agent, asked me what I wanted to do with my life: I said, 'Papa, I want to be a farmer.’
We ought to rise above the momentary difficulty to find the mutually compatible goals of an operational government and safety for America. What I cannot accept, however, is that the House simply pass the Senate's bills without any negotiated process.
.@SecPompeo, I appreciated your remarks at the American University in Cairo this week about America’s reinvigorated role in the Middle East. As you rightly noted, the U.S. is a liberating force in the region, not an occupying or dominating one @AUC
Every two years in America, we experience something almost miraculous in the history of the world: the safe, civil, and dignified transfer of power. In the House of Representatives, this long-standing and peaceful replenishing is truly something to behold.
This 2018 Year End Report is a review of the work of my offices in D.C. and Nebraska, including an overview of initiatives across policy arenas, such as security, ag, health care and conservation. Thank you for the privilege to represent you in Congress.
Good News! This past month, the US economy nearly doubled the number of jobs that economists predicted, with wages outpacing inflation.
I just took the oath office. The oath is more than formality: It is the measure of the fullness of intent, of commitment, of duty. It is larger than any one of us; it is about upholding that which is timeless. #swearinginday
No one wins in a shutdown; no one wins if the border is not safe.
This time of year, we pause as Nebraskans, as Americans, to celebrate the origins of an ancient faith tradition and its enduring spiritual beauty: the idea of family, the idea of giving, the idea of #Christmas
The House will soon attempt a bill that helps hurricane victims and adds border security.  If it passes, then it is back to the Senate to avoid a shutdown.
Thank you Speaker Ryan for your calm, steady navigation of “The People’s House.” You did not seek this position, but you managed it with strength and decorum. We deeply appreciate your humble service to our country. @SpeakerRyan
For Nebraskans, the Farm Bill is not just another bill out of Washington.  Like the rhythms of planting and sowing, it is an expected rite of legislative passage essential to who we are as a people.
I had a very extraordinary engagement this week with Professor Jordan Peterson. A bipartisan group of Members met with him for dialogue. Many people seem captivated by his provocative work. @jordanbpeterson
What a way for the Husker’s women to win last night against Illinois in volleyball!
Always a pleasure meeting with leaders from Nebraska's agriculture community. Thanks for Director Wellman and Stan Garbacz from the Nebraska Department of Agriculture for joining us DC. Timely visit as we passed the 2018 Farm Bill yesterday afternoon.
Farm Bill vote coming in the House. #FarmBill
Congratulations to the Nebraska Women’s Volleyball Team for advancing to their fourth straight NCAA Final Four! Best of luck and #GBR @Huskervball #NCCAVB
Google CEO Sundar Pichai is testifying before Congress, where he needs to answer questions about censorship, bias, and employee misbehavior. He should also address concerns that I and @RepCicilline have on YouTube’s tracking of and marketing to children. @Google #Google
There was a sense in America during President George H.W. Bush's tenure that he came from an elite life of privilege.  That perception in no way captures the fullness of this man’s journey. #Bush41
The Capitol Christmas tree was just lighted. The tree is from Oregon but traveled through Nebraska!
The U.S. has the lowest food prices in the industrialized world. We help feed the world and protect vulnerable persons. That’s why passing the #FarmBill is so critical. While it may not be clear to the coasts as to why this is important, it's essential to America’s well-being.

Statement from Congressman Jeff Fortenberry on the Passing of Former President George H.W. Bush. #Bush
We have outsourced everything to Washington. We have nationalized every conceivable problem. Congress is not a 24/7 alarm to be set off by the media whenever it wants to generate crises and entertainment. This is not Netflix.
The US, Canada, and Mexico just signed an important and reworked trade agreement at the G-20 Summit in Argentina. The renewed agreement is fairer to America, expecting to provide higher wages to American workers and expanded access for American agricultural goods.  #USMCA
Facebook is in a world of hurt—because it let itself become Hatebook.
Trade with China was supposed to transform China. And it did—into a huge capitalist-communist controlling regime. Do not over-invest in economics as the sole pathway to promoting human dignity. @nytimes
Nobel Peace Prize winner, Nadia Murad, has generously accepted my invitation to attend the State of the Union. Nadia was enslaved by ISIS. We are honored to host her. @NadiaMuradBasee @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @KellyannePolls #SOTU #Yazidis
While it is still unclear whether Nancy Pelosi will be the next Speaker of the House, here is an interview I did about my working relationship with her. @NancyPelosi
I just learned of the death of my very close friend Dr. James Billington, 13th Librarian of Congress. His passion for the institution he lead for 28 years, his scholarly nature and gentlemanly demeanor were a tremendous inspiration to me. I so admired him. May he rest in peace.
I wish you a blessed, happy Thanksgiving with your family. As I was thinking about this Fort Report, I thought it would be nice to list some of the good trends happening in our world. For example, US unemployment is at its lowest rate in almost 50 years.
Congratulations Centennial Broncos and Norfolk Catholic Knights on an exciting C-2 State Championship Game. Well played!
Great to meet with Nebraskans from Food for the Hungry, a global nonprofit that attacks structural poverty and helps persons become self-sufficient in food production.
It’s not every week that I receive the Finnish Foreign Minister in Washington. But I was happy to learn that the Finns have partnered with the Nebraska Public Power District on innovative energy technology. #renewables @NPPDnews @FinnEmbassyDC
Over 100 years later, the Filipino Bells of Balangiga, which once symbolized victory in war, now symbolize peace and reconciliation. Thank you to Mayor Rita Sanders of Bellevue for her leadership.
The cameraman told me it’s too early in the season for long pants. #GBR
The cold didn’t stop Louise!  Go Huskers! #GBR
The business of Congress should not be a 24/7 four-alarm fire, yet media and social media have engendered a climate of anxiety and unyielding partisanship.  It is this that we must resist.
Congratulations to my Lincoln office intern Pranav Rajan (right) and his Lincoln East High School associates for winning the annual Junior Achievement Stock Market Challenge. Pranav’s team bettered 51 other squads from 22 schools to take home the win.
Politics ebbs and flows. Majorities become minorities; minorities become majorities. Yet some things remain constant. On #VeteransDay we remember those of who fought valiantly in lands far from home—for our security, our values, and the nation we hold dear
A healthy America does not manufacture bogeymen towards which violence can be justified, nor does it subvert the principles of decency, civility, and order that allow us to be friends.
An intern in my Lincoln District Office, Akshay Sharma, scored a perfect 36 on the ACT. We’re proud of you, Akshay.  #ACT
Nebraska farmers came together to help harvest crops for a Colfax County farmer suffering from West Nile Virus. What a wonderful story of compassion and community spirit.
Two interns in my Lincoln office are members of the beloved Cornhusker Marching Band. So sad to learn of the tragic death of one of their members, trumpeter Tyler Butterfield of Norfolk. @UNLBands #HuskerNation
Tel Aviv’s City Hall illuminated the colors of our flag in honor of those tragically killed in yesterday’s horrific massacre at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh.
Let’s be clear: No one is entitled to enter America illegally. Generosity cannot flow from chaos. Law and order create the conditions for justice and compassion. A caravan is not the way to enter America. #Caravan
A suspect has been arrested in connection with the bomb packages sent this week. Whatever the source, whatever the cause, whatever the means, whatever the target, political violence has no place in America.
There is a lot of discussion about the edgy, controversial, new Nebraska marketing slogan: “Honestly, it’s Not for Everyone.” Here’s my weak attempt at a slogan: “More Cowbell.”
Great story! A Jimmy John’s driver in Columbus saves a local veteran who had suffered a heart attack.
What I saw in Iraq: Possibility, urgency, and security. The courageous survivors of the ISIS genocide have a chance—if there is a new international plan for their protection.
Political violence, including the vandalism we see right here in Lincoln, is a threat to good citizenry and free expression in our republic. It is not funny. It is never acceptable.
Incredible economic news: Unemployment for women has dropped to its lowest level in 65 years.
Great time to receive some good news for Nebraska’s ag producers. August exports of US beef rose by 9%. @UDSDA
Regarding the caravan: No one is entitled to enter America illegally.
This is a nice story. North Star student Maysaa Khalaf planted 10 trees in honor of her faith and family at America’s only Yazidi Cemetery. #Yazidis
Reagan and Gorbachev’s historic achievements lead to a safer world.  Let’s build on them with an update to the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces treaty that holds Russia accountable and keeps the world focused on nuclear threat reduction. #INFTreaty
The real start of the Frost era! Go Huskers! #GBR
Technology has helped us exceedingly well in data movement and productivity. But in that solemn space of the voting booth, maybe a paper and pencil works just fine.
With the @60Minutes story about the endangered species photos of Lincoln’s Joel Sartore, I am reminded of our Recovering America’s Wildlife Act, which I introduced to enhance habitat, recreation, and sporting opportunity @joelsartore #RecoverWildlife
Yesterday I spoke at 11th Annual Nebraska Wind Solar Conference. In 5 years, 40% of Nebraska Public Power District's electricity will come from wind. Good for the environment, good for farm communities, who have a new sustainable way to power their lives. @NebrEnergyOffic #wind
Today, October 17, is the deadline that @RepCicilline and I set for Google CEO Sundar Pichai to respond to our letter seeking to know how the search engine giant tracks and markets to children online.  Still no word. @Google #COPPA
Seizing on America's historic role in finding creative pathways to peace, @NitaLowey and I announce the Palestinian Partnership Fund Act of 2018, which builds interconnectedness between Israelis and Palestinians through joint economic partnerships
One of the more colorful characters in our nation @elonmusk spends a lot of nights dreaming about the future of infrastructure. In the meantime, as Mr. Musk figures out a way to get us to the moon, let’s make sure the everyday stuff works well on earth
On National Farmers Day, we recognize the hard-working men and women who feed the world and who are the backbone of The Good Life. #NationalFarmersDay
If you follow international affairs closely, you are aware of US-Turkish tensions, given President Erdogan's disruptive behavior.  An underlying issue was the house arrest of American Pastor Andrew Brunson. Thankfully, he was just released. #Brunson
An overlooked aspect of the abuse of our immigration system is that the world’s wealthy exploit the underground “birth tourism” industry to gain citizenship for their children. This needs to be stopped immediately.
Big news coming from @POTUS yesterday, permitting the year-long use of ethanol (E15). This is a significant victory for Nebraska’s farmers — the nation’s 2nd leading producer of this sustainable fuel. #biofuels
Nikki Haley was “the new sheriff in town” at the United Nations. I greatly respect and admire her and appreciate the dialogue we had. @nikkihaley
We must work aggressively to get the possibility of a nuclear event as close to zero as possible
Nadia Murad willingly told us her story in Washington. The pain, the sorrow, the grief was almost too much to hear. The Nobel Prize made the right decision. Thank you, Nadia, for your courage in the face of barbaric evil. @NobelPrize #Yazidis #NobelPrize
A new state-of-the-art VA clinic on the existing VA campus is a big win for Lincoln’s #Veterans and for economic regeneration of a unique historic property in our community. Nebraska is leading the way on creative public-private partnerships for veterans
Big news! My bipartisan Recovering America’s Wildlife Act has reached 100 co-sponsors in the House. #RecoverWildlife
This is not just another Washington photo op. This woman’s daughter, Maggie, was killed by ISIS terrorists in Egypt as she sat in church with her mother.  She gave a beautiful account of life, tragedy, and forgiveness. @CopticOrphans #ISIS
The reformed and renegotiated trade deal with Canada and Mexico appears to move us in the right direction.  Trade has to be fair or it will not be “free.” #USMCA
For most of its history, the unofficial motto of search engine giant Google was “Don’t Be Evil.” In a recent letter to @Google CEO Sundar Pichai, Representative @davidcicilline and I challenged #Google to be true to its motto in marketing to children:
The Larsons are the next generation of young farmers.  Their dairy farm is small, but it is powered by big tech.
.@Google was a no-show on Capitol Hill for discussion of censorship, bias, and election interference. The question now is whether they will be a no-show on protecting children’s online privacy. @sundarpichai @Sapna
Good chat with Jon and Taryn Vanderford about the impressive intelligence-gathering planes we will soon be seeing in our area, as the Lincoln Airport gets set to receive these aircraft during important construction of a new runaway @Offut_AFB
About 50% of internet users use YouTube in any month. Parents should have confidence their kids are safe online and that tech giants like @Google are respecting their privacy. Google should swiftly address our questions about their compliance with #COPPA
Nebraska!
America is the most generous nation in the world. We don’t sit idly by while other people die. A holistic first response to human needs is not measured by migration to America alone, but also in how we help persons where they are with safety and just governance. #refugees
Thank you to the @NEFarmBureau for taking the lead in providing innovative healthcare insurance solutions for Nebraska farmers and ranchers. This is just a start. The Rural Health Insurance Act could help other ag associations do the same. #FarmBill
So wonderful to be in West Point again to see community leaders. The town is so committed to doing good for its citizens. Impressive!
What a great group of young people. They have worked hard through volunteerism, personal development, and physical fitness to earn the Congressional Award. Congratulations!
I recently spoke with Coby Mach on KLIN’s Drive Time Lincoln about security and aid efforts to protect endangered religious minorities in Iraq and need to upgrade our Offutt-based spy plane assets to ensure Russian compliance with nuclear arms agreements
Go Huskers. We will get there!  #GBR
Great to see East Butler greats, and proud Husker walk-ons, the Makovicka bros!  #GBR
I will take Made in America over Made in China any day.
House voted to create a pilot program to combat Medicare fraud, establish a new office to counteract weapons of mass destruction, and to improve rural broadband. @HouseFloor
Important discussion with Coby Mach, on the tragic anniversary of 9/11, about how we far have come in fighting violent dark theology, and on the need to stay vigilant, lest ISIS or its offshoots regenerate in the Middle East and beyond. @CobyMach #911remembrance
With heavy, grieving hearts, we all remember the horrible events of 9/11, 2001. We especially remember the thousands who died in the attacks and the unfathomably brave first responders who raced into the towers to save those trapped, knowing they may not make it out alive. #9/11
We are working to ensure that Congress replaces the Offutt-based OC-135B aircraft, which help confirm compliance with nuclear arms agreements. 
In the interest of helping young people throughout America, a new program will allow Congress to compensate interns for their public service. #interns
Bit of inside baseball, but it's important to know that work is getting done. The House and Senate have agreed to fund critical energy and water infrastructure, protect the capitol environs, and assist our veterans…. #vets
Lots of promise.  Tough loss.  We will get this right! #GBR
Great to see Ms. Louise. 96 and a great Husker. #GBR
According to Bureau of Labor statistics released today, the US unemployment rate is now at 3.8%, the lowest in a generation, and average hourly earnings rose 2.9% in August, the highest increase since April, 2009.
The Local Agriculture Market Program (LAMP) improves consumer access to fresh nutritious foods, expands market access to small and mid-size farmers, while growing rural economies. I am working for its inclusion in the final version of the 2018 Farm Bill #LAMP
At a time when we are anxious about vulnerability due to ag markets and trade, better leveraging our existing conservation work for the preservation of species, in tandem with smart land utilization, has tremendous benefits for community and environment.
Of 2,493 species listed as endangered or threatened under the Endangered Species Act, only 54 have sufficiently recovered to be removed from the list. The Recovering America’s Wildlife Act gets in front of the problem by preventing wildlife from becoming endangered at all. #RAWA
Interesting that the billionaire founders at search engine giant Google decided the smart move was to skip the Senate Intelligence Committee investigation into bias on its platforms, as well as multi-nation interference in our elections: #stopthebias
A much-anticipated conference committee happened today between House and Senate.  We are working hard to finalize government operations affecting energy and water, Capitol environs, and important obligations to our veterans.
Happy to be honored by the Nebraska Retail Federation for our efforts in Congress to lessen the tax and regulatory burden on small businesses. But these retail leaders are the real heroes doing the hard work of keeping Main Street entrepreneurial momentum alive and flourishing.
Judge Kavanaugh is a good man.  He follows the law as it is written.  He acknowledges judicial precedent.  He is respected by his peers.  I expect him to be swiftly confirmed. #SCOTUS #Kavanaugh
Let's do this! #GBR
We often hear in political circles that Social Security and Medicare are “entitlements.”  They are not entitlements.  Yes, there are future actuarial concerns, but people worked for the money they paid into those programs. 
New season. New offense. New coach. Renewed dominance. Go Big Red! #GBR
Senator John McCain was a courageous war hero, dedicated public servant, and central figure in America’s political culture. Upon learning of his death, I remembered something: Sen. McCain had a keen sense of humor—he seemed eager to laugh, even at himself. May He Rest In Peace.
Great to be with Husker great @Matt_Davison Saturday at the Knights of Columbus Go Big Red banquet in Fort Calhoun. The Knights have done extraordinary works of charity for the persecuted Christians in Northern Iraq. #GBR @KofC
Fort Report: Your Washington
Small-town newspapers focused on local news continue to thrive in the age of big media failure and consolidation. I visited one success story today, the Ashland Gazette in Ashland, Nebraska. @AshlandGazette
The SAC Museum was host to a great cross-section of Nebraska leaders today in Ashland. Thank you for all you do to make Nebraska a great place to live, work, and raise a family. @SACAMuseum
August 3 marked the 4th Anniversary of the Yazidi Genocide. While we have made major military progress against ISIS, 400,000 Yazidis remain internally displaced persons in their own land. 3,500 Yazidi women remain prisoners of ISIS. @YazdaOrg #Yazidis
...As one Yazidi doctor said to me: “It is really easy to rebuild a building, but really hard to rebuild a human being.” #Yazidi
Today I joined the Lincoln Yazidi community in commemorating the 4th Anniversary of the Yazidi Genocide by ISIS. On a recent trip to Iraq, I met with traumatized Yazidi women ransomed out of sexual slavery...
No matter how busy the calendar in Washington, or how tense the political climate, it is a summer tradition for representatives to spend time back in the district listening to constituents.
Important meeting with Nebraska Union members about the disaster happening in the multi-employer pension plans. What happened is unjust and unfair. Congress needs to work to find a solution.
Thank you to our summer intern Jack Russell for all your hard work and good cheer this summer! If you are interested in pursuing an internship in my office, please visit my website: 
I invite you to read my following op-ed, which discusses the dire situation on the ground for Iraq's ethno-religious minorities, who have faced genocide and who continue to confront existential challenges in the wake of ISIS. @VP @thehill #Yazidis
As we get further and further from The Greatest Generation, it is so wonderful to see a WWII veteran. @VFWHG #vets
Look who showed up at the Norfolk town hall! Great to see Leighann and Abigail from Future Farmers of America. @NationalFFA #ag
Remains of 55 American soldiers were returned by North Korea today at an honorable carry ceremony at Pearl Harbor. More than 5000 US soldiers’ remains are still in North Korea. This is a small but important first step towards reconciliation. @VP
No surprises: Nebraska ranks among the top happiest states. #NebraskaNice
I am proud to represent the First Congressional District of Nebraska.  It was a privilege to meet with Nebraskans in Bellevue, Lincoln, Blair, Fremont, David City, Columbus, and Norfolk these past few days.
Today’s House-passed National Defense Authorization Act includes authorization for the Air Force to purchase two replacements for the OC-135 Open Skies aircraft. Credit goes to @RepDonBacon and @SenatorFischer
Today marks the 28th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. #ADA28
As part of my new role as chairman of the Approps Subcommittee on the Legislative Branch, I help oversee the work of the Capitol Police. The Capitol Hill Police are 1 of America’s largest police forces and do a great job protecting visitors and Members of Congress. @CapitolPolice
The House voted today to improve our energy diplomacy, modernize health savings accounts, and reduce taxes on over-the-counter medications.
Congratulations to Ms. Jenova Kempkes from Lincoln Southwest High School for winning the prestigious Congress-Bundestag Youth Exchange Scholarship! We look forward to hearing about your time in Germany.
Good news for farmers: President Trump and the European Commission President have agreed to work together to eliminate tariffs and increase American soybean imports. #ag @POTUS
Border issues were a key part of the debate during yesterday’s Homeland Security Appropriations Bill.
Nice to see Dr. Jim Kim, President of the World Bank. He has a great vision to attack structural poverty in the context of community. We discussed economic regeneration. @WorldBank
Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson has a letter from requesting to pursue energy resiliency and sustainability projects at Offutt. @SecAFOfficial @Offutt_AFB
Met with General Khaled Shawky, Egyptian Defense Attache to the United States. Productive discussions on joint military operations and how we can strengthen the friendship between our two countries.
Yesterday I had the pleasure of showing the Miller family around the Capitol.
Good news: the Winnebago Tribe is moving in to its new hospital facilities next week. My office works closely with the Winnebago to strengthen their ties with UNMC. @WinnebagoTribe
Congratulations to USS Nebraska on the successful completion of your recent nuclear deterrent patrol. The nation appreciates your hard work to protect our country. Nebraska keeps us safe, Go Big Red! @USPacificFleet @US_Stratcom
Today is Intern Appreciation Day! It has been a true pleasure to work with Gabe and Emily. Thank you for your commitment and service! #NebraskaBreakfast
Thanks Secretary Wheeler for signing the final notice allowing a variety of sorghum pathways for the Renewal Fuel Standard biofuel quotas. #renewables @EPAAWheeler
Today the House passed legislation to improve suicide prevention, boost internet access in rural areas, and enhance medicare for senior citizens.
Good chat with my friend, Representative Jared Huffman from California’s 2nd District. We are different in faith, political beliefs, and regions we serve, but we routinely come together in the spirit of bipartisanship and civility over what unites our great country. @RepHuffman
Pleased to see the Olson family in Washington!
North Korea has started dismantling its main satellite launch facility. Long way to go but, this is a positive step forward toward a denuclearized Korean peninsula. #NorthKorea
