I am supporting a bipartisan resolution opposing privatization of the United States Postal Service. Nowhere is the Postal Service more important than in Alaska, where its dedicated employees connect Alaskans to each other the rest of the world.
.#LandsPackage2019 helps w/ our parks and access, sportsmen's issues, water management issues. It had strong bipartisan support passing both chambers with overwhelming margins, and now heads to @POTUS.
In an interview w/ @JudyWoodruff of PBS @NewsHour I discussed the importance of my bipartisan lands pkg, a huge win for AK and this country. There are many parochial seemingly minor bills in this package that greatly benefit small communities.
On #InternationalWomenDay, I’d like to highlight a wonderful woman in my life – my mom Nancy Murkowski. Here is a map of all the incredible work that she has accomplished making breast cancer screenings available to women throughout Alaska. Thank you Mom for being an inspiration!
I continue to have serious concerns about splicing DNA from two animals to produce a new marketable fish, essentially creating a new species. American consumers deserve to know what they purchasing, and ultimately eating.
I am not going to back down will continue my fight to ensure that any salmon product that is genetically engineered be clearly labeled. USDA’s new guidelines don’t require adequate mandatory labeling don’t suffice as giving consumers clear information.
The @US_FDA recently deactivated a 2016 import alert that prevented Genetically Engineered (GE) salmon from entering the U.S. market. I’m extremely disappointed in the FDA’s short-sighted decision. It is wrong-headed and a bad idea, simple as that.
Today is #InternationalWomensDay, a day to recognize the historic achievements of women around the world. But let’s make this something we do more than just today. We need to continue to empower women in all aspects of our society.
Women like Elizabeth Peratrovich have not only played an integral role in leading their communities forward but have also been crucial in preserving their history, heritage culture. My hope is that by honoring them, we are inspiring a future generation of leaders.
On #InternationalWomensDay, I’m proud to introduce a resolution which recognizes the efforts of Alaska Native, American Indian Native Hawaiian women, the heritage, culture, and contributions of these women, how they’ve helped shape our country.
Couldn’t be happier for my friend and colleague (and now official star) @repdonyoung on becoming the longest-serving Republican in United States history!
RT @SenateHistory: Learn about the 56 women who have served in the U.S. #Senate #WomensHistoryMonth
When we have extraordinary resources both on and under the ground, we want to make our lands are productive to benefit our people. We need to make our federal lands more attractive to investment and while maintaining a high level of stewardship.
In Ketchikan AK where over 95% of the Borough is in the Tongass National Forest, it is difficult to build much of an economy. We need to do more to ensure that local communities have the ability to diversify their economy, with policies that account for region-specific issues.
I chaired an ENR Cmte roundtable on issues related to access development of public lands in western states. As many communities in the west know, when significant portions of a state’s lands are federally managed it is difficult to increase or maintain economic opportunities.
Loved hosting lunch for my Senate colleagues to showcase Alaska products --- reindeer sausage, halibut, and protein noodles (a gluten-free Pollock-based noodle). I thought topping it off with a Klondike bar was appropriate.
From land conveyances which will bring economic benefit to communities, to land conservation, water management, and sportsmen priories — this compilation of over 120 bills is truly comprehensive. #LandsPackage2019
Speaking with @ABCNewsLive alongside my counterpart @RepRaulGrijalva about the strong bipartisan, bicameral effort that went into the #LandsPackage2019.
During the meeting we spoke about priorities such as the quality of @USAirForce housing, continued support of the Combat Rescue Helicopter program, funding for the improvement of JPARC, future F-35 training needs needs to site additional Aggressors refueling tankers in AK.
With Alaska’s strategic position, we have a significant @USAirForce presence throughout the state. I was glad to meet w/ @SecAFOfficial Heather Wilson to discuss the Air Force’s priorities and the importance of the Air Force in addressing the dangers around the world.
RT @EnergyGOP: Sen. @LisaMurkowski: Our public lands produce #cleanwater, #cleanair, #energy, #minerals, #livestock, and #timber – among ot…
Congrats again to my dear friend @repdonyoung who today reached the milestone of becoming the longest-serving Republican in the history of Congress. Tonight I was honored to give him something fitting to his legacy.
The Commission is tasked to identify complex challenges facing Native children in Alaska across nation by conducting an intensive study on issues like high rates of poverty, unemployment, child abuse, domestic violence, and substance abuse.
I was proud to work with former Sen. Heitkamp to develop create the Commission on Native Children to improve outcomes for Native youth. I’m also proud that we recently provided funding for the Commission in my Interior Appropriations bill that was recently signed into law.
@Truaztweeter Nuclear is certainly part of the solution. Advanced nuclear reactors provide a source of clean baseload electricity, helping to reduce greenhouse gas emissions address climate change w/out increasing the cost of electricity. Here's my Op-Ed on the issue:
Whether it’s leading on ANWR, King Cove, or the Trans-Alaska Pipeline, Don Young gets things done. Working alongside Don has been an extraordinary privilege I cannot thank him enough for all he has done for all these years.
My friend and colleague @RepDonYoung continues to make history. As of today, he is officially the longest serving Republican member of Congress in history and the 9th longest serving member overall, a truly incredible accomplishment.
Alaskan Ethan Schutt of @ANTHCtoday discussed in an Energy Committee hearing how rural AK communities are diversifying transitioning to cleaner energy sources as well as how reducing energy costs represents a significant opportunity to help make life more sustainable.
As the Senate prepares this month to vote on a joint resolution to terminate the President’s national emergency declaration, I spoke on the Senate floor on my support to uphold the separation of powers outlined in the
To Alaskans impacted by the November 30th earthquake: FEMA is providing a free legal aid hotline regarding disaster-related issues to those in the Anchorage, Kenai Peninsula, and Mat-Su Borough areas. For more information, click here ➜
Congrats to my colleague @SenShelby! I’m proud to serve with you in the Senate.
Proud to reintroduce the Stopping Appealing Flavors in E-Cigarettes for Kids (SAFE Kids) Act alongside @SenatorDurbin to crack down on kid-friendly flavorings in addictive e-cigs cigars, preventing kids from using becoming addicted to these products.
We must work together to integrate cleaner technologies to decrease our dependence on diesel and provide greater reliability ultimately reduce costs.
As more renewable energy comes online and the mix of baseload power changes, we must focus on maintaining grid reliability resiliency. We must prioritize keeping energy affordable, so that we can work to advance cleaner technologies that further reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
The electricity sector is just 1 piece of the puzzle when it comes to climate change, but it's the most visible all encompassing. Reliable electric power is central to our way of life, whether its powering our homes and businesses, or cell phones and sometimes our vehicles.
Today I'm chairing an Energy Cmte hearing to examine the impacts of climate change on our electricity sector. We have a role to play in developing reasonable policies surrounding research, innovation, and efficiency.
@SenAngusKing One of these days I’ll convince you to come check out the #Iditarod race with
Tune into our hearing at 10am ET today →
Each and every year, Alaskans enjoy the #Iditarod sled dog race and celebrate the unique history in our state. My office in DC is ready to follow along the mushers as they make their journey from Anchorage to Nome. Check out our leaderboard! #Iditarod2019
The BLM announced the appointment of Chad Padgett to be the @BLMAlaska State Director. Having served as state director for @RepDonYoung for over 10 yrs, he is a great choice to oversee the 72 million acres of AK public lands for BLM, the most of any state.
This was an amazing experience!
Funding to construct America’s 1st polar security cutter (icebreaker) in a decade to begin construction of a 2nd was recently signed into law. While this is good progress, I'll continue to push for investments to strengthen our strategic presence in the Arctic.
This @arctic_today article highlights how our only operable heavy polar icebreaker is dealing with a range of technical issues. It’s clear we need a greater investment in icebreakers to protect our waters and national interests in the #Arctic.
This legislation is just one step in the effort to clean up our contaminated lands, but by listing PFAS as a hazardous substance the federal government will be able to coordinate response, assist with remediation, and hold responsible parties liable for clean-up costs.
In Alaska, communities such as Utqiagvik, Fairbanks, Dillingham, and many others are currently responding to their groundwater having been contaminated with PFAS.
I recently joined a bipartisan effort to declare per- polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) as hazardous substances. The studies surrounding the effects of PFAS are ongoing, but emerging findings indicate that these compounds are linked to a number of adverse human health effects.
Best of luck to all the teams who officially kicked off the #Iditarod2019 in Willow today.
The funding package also invests in the Arctic. Whether it is funds for Arctic charting to address the charting backlog in the region, increased support for hydrographic surveys that improve ocean observation/monitoring, or investments in Arctic research—this is a big win for AK.
In an effort to keep our oceans clean, the Omnibus Appropriations bill recently signed into law includes increased funding for NOAA’s Marine Debris Program, which will help reduce marine debris and its adverse impacts on the marine environment.
I wanted to share more photo highlights from the ceremonial start of the #Iditarod in Anchorage yesterday.
This means that firefighters or teachers who have dedicated years of service won't see unfair reductions in their benefits for choosing a new career path. Public workers deserve to earn the same Social Security benefits as employees in the private sector.
I'm proud to cosponsor the Social Security Fairness Act, which repeals outdated social security law provisions that unfairly reduce or eliminate Social Security benefits that public sector employees have earned. The goal is to make the social security program as fair as possible.
My interior bill funds infrastructure improvements deferred maintenance on America’s public lands increases funding for Forest Service recreation activities which will go a long way in keeping Alaska’s tourism industry thriving.
Alaska’s tourism industry thrives in large part b/c of the many opportunities we have to enjoy the great outdoors. But if we want to ensure that tourists our local visitors are able to continue to appreciate AK’s national parks, we must dedicate resources to help maintain
Great riding with musher Jeff King on the first 11 miles of the Iditarod sled dog race. Love the Iditarod!
The icing on the cake was getting to kick off the ceremonial start of the Iditarod by riding Jeff King’s tag sled for the first 11 miles, from downtown Anchorage to Campbell Creek. To Jeff, thanks for giving me this unforgettable experience to each of the 52 athletes-good luck!
Today marked the start of one of my favorite Alaskan traditions: the Iditarod. I had a great time visiting with the mushers and their amazing teams.
The pkg also funds high priority airport construction projects in rural areas along w/ improvements to our state’s transportation infrastructure. With Alaska’s vast size, harsh terrain limited road systems, this type of investment is more important than ever
The omnibus funding pkg that was just signed into law further supports programs critical to the health, welfare, and safety of many rural Alaskans such as the Essential Air Service, which is a lifeline that connects communities across the state.
Members of our military have emotional scars that are not always easily visible, but still need extensive care. I’m proud that my interior bill supports the efforts of the NEA to expand the Healing Arts Program, to help returning service members the opportunity to heal and grow.
Good news for Alaskans impacted by the November 30th earthquake:  the deadline for organizations who plan to submit requests to the state in order to receive public assistance has now been extended to April 1st. More information here ➔
The seafood industry in Alaska is truly an economic engine, not only for our state, but also for all the U.S. The omnibus funding pkg that was just signed into law includes protections for our seafood industry its consumers, like continuing my fight against GE salmon.
The Interior bill includes funding for a new grant program to help bring basic water and sewer to communities in need. It also includes funding to meet the need for increased water supply, sewage disposal, and solid waste facilities in tribal communities.
Many rural communities across Alaska are w/out access to clean water- a basic necessity that many Americans, perhaps, take for granted. My Interior bill that was recently signed into law includes funding to improve drinking water and wastewater systems.
At the same time, global demand for electricity is rapidly growing which presents an opportunity for our nation to build a diverse energy supply that is more resilient, more affordable, and more reliable both domestically and globally through technology innovation.
Over the past decade, the United States has transformed into a global energy leader. Last year we set a record for the largest increase in #NatGas production at 12 percent.
Today I chaired an Energy and Natural Resources Committee hearing, where International Energy Agency (@IEA) Executive Director Dr. Fatih Birol testified about his agency’s perspective on global energy markets.
Winter months in Alaska often bring moose closer into town looking for food, but this young moose is a “regular” in the Riverview neighbor in Fairbanks. It doesn’t sound like the neighborhood dogs have warmed up to the idea of sharing the area with a moose though! #OnlyInAlaska
Bettye was a voice for those without one. She was a shining example of what a public servant should be and her life and legacy serves as an inspiration for all Alaskans. #BlackHistoryisAmericanHistory
In honor of #BlackHistoryMonth, I celebrate the late Bettye Davis, the 1st African-American elected to the Alaska House Senate. Bettye was a strong leader who was committed to the service of others and Bettye never lost sight of what first inspired her to run for office.
It’s important that the agency remains focused on its core mission. I intend to continue to press Administrator Wheeler on issues of concern raised by Alaskans and to hold him to his promise and commitment to ensuring accountability, fairness, and transparency by the agency.
He will continue to carry out @EPA’s mission to ensure clean air, clean water, as well as addressing challenges like climate change. Alaskans have voiced their objections to overreaching, burdensome regs that they have seen come out of the EPA in the previous administration.
I voted to confirm Andrew Wheeler to be @EPA Administrator. He has proven himself during his tenure as Acting EPA Administrator as a leader who hears and takes seriously the concerns of Alaskans.
These four women who served as mathematicians, programmers, engineers @NASA overcame significant hurdles to attain their educational professional goals are still important role models, today. I hope this bill encourages young women across the U.S to pursue careers in STEM.
As #BlackHistoryMonth ends, I'm glad to honor unsung heroes of U.S. aeronautics by introducing the Hidden Figures Congressional Gold Medal Act, awarding the Congressional Gold Medal to Dorothy Vaughan, Katherine Johnson, Mary Jackson Dr. Christine Darden
Thank you @POTUS for spending time with our servicemen and servicewomen during a quick fuel stop in Alaska on the way back from a high stakes summit with North Korea. Thank you for ensuring that America’s interests remain paramount.
It also funds the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas program, which maximizes the resources available to aid law enforcement and improve drug control efforts at a state and local level. (Regions with this designation include areas surrounding Juneau, Anchorage, and Fairbanks.)
This legislation provides funding for anti-opioid programs within the @TheJusticeDept to further combat the opioid heroin epidemic, giving those impacted a better chance to break the cycle of addiction.
I’m proud of the numerous provisions in the funding package that was recently signed into law that support the fight against substance abuse addiction.
Are you an Alaskan student interested in experiencing firsthand how the United States operates? My office is accepting applications for this summer's Recent High School Graduate Internship Program. Application deadline is March 15th. Click here for info:
My Interior bill includes significant funding for the construction, upkeep, and improvement of Village Built Clinics to help ensure that Alaskans living in remote parts of the state have access to quality care-- just one of many wins for Alaska included in the bill.
Village Built Clinics are truly the backbone of Alaska’s rural health program, often serving as the only source of medical care available in rural areas. Unfortunately, many of these facilities are in need of intense maintenance and repairs.
RT @SenPatRoberts: Today, I introduced bipartisan legislation to protect rural Critical Access Hospitals and their patients along with @Jim…
The President signed into law a funding pkg that includes my Interior Appropriations bill which provides support for public safety justice programs. Funding for training tribal court systems will empower Alaskans to create safe healthy communities.
I’m proud to reintroduce the Ensuring Lasting Smiles Act to help remove loopholes close gaps in coverage, ensuring patients receive the medical attention they need and have actually paid for without worrying that an insurer will deny a claim.
Access to quality, affordable healthcare for everyone remains a top priority of mine. While many states require insurers to provide health coverage for services related to congenital anomalies or birth defects, health plans routinely deny certain claims.
I’m proud both chambers showed strong support of our #LandsPackage2019 w/ lands, water management, sportsmen conservation measures. It took us years of bipartisan, bicameral work to reach this point and I am hopeful @POTUS will sign it �into law soon.
The #LandsPackage2019, which passed the Senate 92-8, today passed the House w/ strong bipartisan support. This pkg contains over 120 public lands, water, natural resource bills. Here's what others are saying on the
I am proud to cosponsor the Breast Cancer Patient Equity Act, legislation that supports and empowers breast cancer patients and survivors, alongside alongside @SenDuckworth, @RepJudyChu, @RepWalorski.
Over 3.1 million women in the U.S. have a history of breast cancer—a diagnosis that changes your life forever. For those who’ve championed what is, perhaps, the greatest battle of their life, it's only right that we expand coverage to help them recover physically emotionally.
Whether it’s improving healthcare facilities and healthcare delivery, caring for youth, fighting opioid abuse addiction, or increasing resources to address domestic violence, substance abuse suicide prevention, this bill is helping create healthier Alaskan communities.
I’m proud that my Interior Appropriations bill that was recently signed into law prioritizes the health and wellness of Alaskans through a range of initiatives.
Congratulations to all of the recent graduates from the Alaska Job Corps. Your dedication, working to meet the challenges of today's changing economy will take you down the path of being leaders in your workplace and in your communities.
RT @AlaskaDHSEM: Need some in-person help navigating the federal disaster assistance process? Three DRCs are staffed and open.
I met w/ @fema to discuss ways we can communicate better w/ Alaskans working to recover from the 7.0 magnitude earthquake. To help Alaskans navigate the federal disaster assistance process, FEMA has opened up disaster recovery centers in Wasilla, Eagle River Anchorage.
I’m proud to cosponsor the VA Tribal Advisory Committee Act, bipartisan legislation that promotes the govt-to-govt relationship b/w the VA our nation’s tribes, ensuring our Native people have a seat at the table.
America’s first people have served America in distinction in every conflict for the past 2 centuries. Yet, it seems it is only in this past decade that the VA has been paying special attention to the needs of Native vets, many of whom live in the most remote areas of the country.
Glad for the chance to join engineers from the company and some of the 5th graders at Government Hill Elementary School to learn more about the future of technology and to celebrate this positive step towards ensuring even the most remote communities have the access they need.
OneWeb is scheduled to launch satellites into orbit next week students of Gov. Hill Elementary School’s 5th grade Spanish immersion program got to decorate one of the satellites gave it the name “Nanuq Polar Oso,” a mix of Inupiaq, Spanish, English meaning “polar bear.”
Government Hill Elementary School was recently chosen as one of 6 schools worldwide to take part in a satellite internet program led by OneWeb, a company with the mission of bridging the digital divide around the globe.
Celebrating winter in Alaska this weekend at the Fur Rendezvous Winter Festival — snow sculptures, a carnival, fur auction,  fireworks and more! #FurRondy2019
What better place to honor a great Alaskan than the center at the Ted Stevens International Airport in Anchorage. It’s important for future generations to know and be reminded of his extraordinary contributions to our state. His legacy will forever be part of Alaska’s history.
I was privileged to join with so many friends at the Senator Ted Stevens Statue Unveiling –to recognize the life and legacy of my friend and mentor, Senator Ted Stevens and his public service to our state.
About to interview on @Ch2KTUU — watch live here:
AMYA’s mission is to teach the values, skills, education, and self-discipline to succeed as adults. I’ve been a long-time supporter of this program and thank the extraordinary work of the staff and their dedication to changing lives. Congrats to all the graduates!
I was filled with pride to join families in attending the Alaska Military Youth Academy (AMYA) Graduation for the Class of 2019-1 today in Anchorage. Twenty-two weeks ago, these young students walked into this program and came out the other side transformed.
As I have said before, we must have confidence that Bristol Bay’s world-class fisheries are fully protected, and I expect the Army Corps process to remain fair, rigorous, and transparent as Alaskans provide their views.
It's critical for us to understand the potential impacts of this project. Those who are interested will have an opportunity to submit written comments and participate in public meetings around Alaska in March and April.
The @USACEHQ has released a draft environmental impact statement for the proposed Pebble mine. While it will take time to review this 1,400-page document and its supporting materials, I have begun to do so and encourage all Alaskans to do the same.
As we work to fight back against the epidemic of addiction we’re experiencing across Alaska, I appreciate the efforts that @CITCAlaska is making to change and ultimately save lives.
It was moving to hear directly from Alaskans about the impact the center is having in their lives, such as how the center addresses the emotional, spiritual, physical, and mental aspects of recovery in a way that honors their culture and traditions.
I visited @CITCAlaska's new Ernie Turner Center in Chugiak, a recovery facility that offers on average, 6 month-long inpatient services to those recovering from addiction w/ a model founded on Alaska Native traditions, peer support, community building leadership development.
As a representative of Alaska, and a dog-lover, I was so impressed by the thoughtful planning and passion that went into developing this facility. Thanks to Dr. McPeck and his staff for a great experience.
This full-service facility includes a dog blood bank, a pharmacy, dental services, the only in-house stem cell lab in the state.The clinic is currently under construction to also include an animal rehabilitation center as well as the first oncology service for pets in the state.
Tier 1 Veterinary Medical Center in Palmer opened up last summer and now serves as the largest animal clinic in the Mat-Su Valley. I recently visited the clinic and met Dr. Sean McPeck, an Army veteran, veterinarian and the Founder/CEO of Tier 1.
I also had a chance to give praise to the community of Palmer for the economic growth and job development they’ve seen recently. I love to see how many Alaskans are excited to call the Mat-Su Valley their home.
For example, the bill that was recently signed into law provides $900M for capital projects that generate economic development improve access to reliable, safe affordable transportation--investing in road, rail, transit port projects to maintain networks critical to AK.
During my visit to the Mat-Su Valley, I spoke to the Palmer Chamber of Commerce about my efforts to foster growth and prosperity for Alaska. The recently passed omnibus bill includes funding for critical programs that support development in our communities.
The @SBAgov opened the Business Recovery Center to help businesses that suffered damage from the quake through low-interest, long-term disaster loans. I’m thankful for the resources available to Alaskans. For more info on how the process works, click here:
While we may be nearing 2 months since the 7.0 magnitude earthquake struck – Alaskans are still working to recover from all the destruction is caused. I visited the Business Recovery Center in Eagle River, which was recently opened by @SBAgov.

Wonderful to be at the Symphony of Seafood in Juneau last night and see (and taste) all the innovative seafood products. Congrats to all the winners, including Trident Seafoods for your protein noodles. The creativity and ingenuity of Alaskans never ceases to amaze me!
I also spoke to fully funding the construction of a new heavy polar security cutter (icebreaker) to my recently passed lands package to the opportunities we have to work in conjunction with each other to help ensure healthy, thriving communities across the state.
I also shared about the colloquy I led on the Senate floor urging my colleagues and the administration to find a path forward out of the shutdown and about some of the various initiatives we’re working on in Congress to make sure another shutdown doesn’t happen again.
Thankful for the opportunity to speak w/ community leaders at the Alaska Municipal League conference to share what I’ve been working on, including that we were able to secure full funding for PILT in the recently passed funding bill--helping communities pay for critical services.
To everyone who joined me for my annual speech to the Alaska State Legislature, met with me or my staff or just took a moment for a hug or a handshake--- I am so grateful for your time and efforts.
Glad to be in our Capital City, Juneau, today. I’m always thankful to reconnect with old friends to build new relationships with my fellow Alaskans. Alaska’s challenges are certainly great, but our opportunities are endless the people of Alaska are our greatest resource.
I was so glad for the opportunity to join my state colleagues in our Capitol Chambers where Alaskans have come together, generation after generation, to a chart a path to a better, stronger, and more prosperous future. ICYMI, read my remarks here:
My message today wasn’t just about the big wins we’ve seen for Alaska—it was also about the people that helped make those big wins happen and the Alaskans those accomplishments will impact.
Today I delivered my annual speech to the Alaska State Legislature to give our state’s political leaders an update on what’s happened throughout the last year as well as the initiatives I’m continuing to work on at a federal level.
Shortly, I will be speaking to the Alaska State Legislature here in Juneau to provide an update on my work in D.C., supporting all Alaskans. Watch a livestream of my speech here:
I appreciate UFA’s collaborative efforts to work through issues and communicate their priorities to me, ensuring our state and this diverse industry is well represented at a national level.
We had a chance to talk through some of the issues and opportunities that fishermen and industry stakeholders are seeing on a local, statewide, and federal level.
Today in Juneau, I joined the Board of Directors of the United Fisherman of Alaska (UFA), a non-profit trade association representing Alaska’s commercial fishing industry.
Sneak peak at the Ted Stevens tribute/statue that is being placed at Ted Stevens International Airport. I appreciate these craftsmen who are building the display and working to finish up by Saturday’s unveiling.
To our military members, their spouses, community leaders from across the state, and all those who made this event a success—thank you for all you do for our armed services and the great state of Alaska.
As a co-host of the event, I was glad for the chance to share an update on the military renaissance we’ve seen in recent years in Alaska and to introduce the keynote speaker of the evening, @VComdtUSCG  - the 31st Vice Commandant of the Coast Guard.
This weekend I had the privilege of acting as the honorary co-chair for the 42ND ASYMCA Salute to the Military— a role I inherited from my dear friend, the late Senator Ted Stevens.
Today we celebrate #PresidentsDay to honor all those who have served as our Commander in Chief and their contributions for shaping our great nation.
I appreciate the Center and its supporters for enabling the Center to accomplish all that it has for Alaska’s marine ecosystems and the people that love and depend on them.
From its inception Darryl secured funding, established critical partnerships, and managed design when the SeaLife Center was only an idea. He has continued to dedicate himself to the SeaLife Center across the decades.
Last night I spoke at the Alaska Marine Gala in celebration of a decade of exceptional community support for the Alaska SeaLife Center and to recognize Darryl Schaefermeyer for his extraordinary commitment to the Alaska SeaLife Center.
As a former Alaska lawmaker, Bettye got up every day with a mission of doing something for somebody —somebody who couldn't speak for themselves, who couldn't express themselves, or who just needed a kind word—that’s the kind of legacy everyone should hope to leave behind.
I recently placed a statement on Bettye’s story in the Congressional Record so that there is a permanent record of Bettye’s life for Alaskans to reminisce over, for scholars to research, and for young people to emulate.
Yesterday I had the honor of speaking at the Bettye Davis African American Summit Breakfast. While I am saddened to know that Bettye is now a part of our history rather than our present- I was glad to speak to the many accomplishments she had in life.
I’m proud of what we’ve done with the Interior bill to empower Alaskans to fight back against the opioid epidemic, provide for vital services, develop new infrastructure improve our ability to prevent respond to natural disasters. Bill highlights here:
In a time of fiscal uncertainty, it's pivotal that we provide stability where Alaskans need it most— in our communities and in our economy. This Interior-Environment funding bill helps ensure the health, well-being, and safety of Alaskans.
My Interior-Environment bill was just signed into law as part of a seven-bill funding package for FY 2019. This bill provides an economic boost to communities and investments in health, safety, and our lands. Read more here:
The Appropriations Committee has worked hard to return to regular order, voting appropriations bills out of committee the Senate with strong, bipartisan support. I’m encouraged that we were able to finalize that good work. Click here for bill highlights:
I’m proud of the provisions I secured that prioritize our nation’s security, Alaska’s fisheries, transportation and infrastructure needs, Native and rural programs, as well as initiatives to protect Alaska’s land, people, and wildlife.
The President recently signed into law a funding bill that invests in communities, creates opportunities and improves border security. Read
Sophie’s case reminds us why we need Savanna’s Act —to focus on improving the federal government’s response in cases of missing and murdered indigenous women.
I commend the efforts of investigators for opening up this cold-case. While we can’t reverse what happened to Sophie and erase the pain that her family has endured—my hope is that finally, her family may find justice.
I will continue to work on efforts to gain access to our public lands, as well as support service programs that engage citizens, prepare young adults for work, solve problems, and strengthen and unify the nation. #FriendsofService
I was honored to be recognized by @Voices4Service for my work in helping to advance the John McCain 21st Century Conservation Service Corps Act, part of #LandsPackage2019, which increases the volunteer opportunities supporting public lands for our youth and veterans.
This is a huge victory in my yrs-long fight to fulfill our responsibilities as an #Arctic nation to support @USCG w/ the assets needed to carry out its mission of monitoring increased shipping, intercepting illegal activity, search rescue, keeping our waters safe.
The funding bill just signed into law fully funds a heavy polar security cutter and initial $ for a 2nd. I've been pushing to fund the acquisition of a fleet of Arctic-capable #icebreakers for safety security of the #Arctic region and our national security as a whole.
We know that the threat of cyberattacks by our foreign adversaries and other sophisticated entities is real and growing, and the consequences of a successful cyberattack would be widespread and devastating.
I chaired an ENR hearing on #cybersecurity efforts in the energy sector. Protecting our nation’s critical assets is a shared responsibility, with federal, state, and private sector partners working together to improve cyber defenses and coordinate responses to cyberattacks.
Today, the take away is that we’ve kept the government open and the good work that we’ve been doing in the Appropriations Committee for months is now going to be moving forward.
We’ve just passed a bill that will keep the government open and finalize our remaining appropriations bills for FY 2019. This funding package addresses some of our border security issues, fully funds a heavy polar security cutter, as well as a range of other initiatives.
From my corner of the world to yours-- Happy #ValentinesDay. Thanks to @NCAI1944 for creating these Valentine’s Day cards to spread the love in a range of different languages.
I was proud to cast my vote to confirm William Barr as U.S. Attorney General today.
Saddened to hear of the passing of AK’s “Mr. Republican”—our former Lt. Gov. WWII Army Veteran, Jack Coghill. His life, his service, all that he contributed to our great state is a part of our shared history. He'll be sorely missed. My deepest condolences to his loved ones.
Thankful for the opportunity to speak to the @NCAI1944, to highlight our great strides the shared initiatives that are still ahead. I spoke to ways we can work together to address crimes against Native women law enforcement my pledge to get Savanna’s Act signed into law.
I’m looking forward to working with my colleagues in the House and hope that they will move quickly on passing this legislation so that we see it signed into law.
Today I spoke on the passage of landmark legislation—our bipartisan #LandsPackage2019—and thanked my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, including staff, who have been such great partners in this bipartisan effort.
Alongside @SenatorEWarren I introduced the Native American Suicide Prevention Act to ensure Alaska Native communities have a voice in developing/implementing culturally relevant suicide prevention intervention strategies. Our goal is to save lives and to give hope to Alaskans.
AK consistently tops the charts with some of the highest suicide rates in the U.S. w/ a disproportionately high rate in Native communities. When someone takes their own life, families often entire communities are impacted by the shock grief.
The #LandsPackage2019 is about more than just lands—it’s about water; it’s about hunters and fishermen; it’s about conservation; it’s about developing local economies. This legislation is about who we are as a country.
ICYMI: Yesterday, the Senate passed the Natural Resources Management Act with overwhelming support. As chairman of the Senate @EnergyGOP Committee, I’m proud to have led this bipartisan effort w/ @Sen_JoeManchin and @SenatorCantwell.
From land conveyances for communities to boost the local economy, to protecting people from natural hazards, to increasing access to federal lands for sportsmen, hunters, and outdoor enthusiasts, my #LandsPackage2019 addresses a wide range of priorities important to Alaska.
Today is a great day for Alaska and our country. Proud to stand with @SenatorCantwell to share the strong, bipartisan passage (92-8) of our #LandsPackage2019 which combines 100 plus bills related to public lands, natural resources, water projects, and infrastructure.
Proud the Senate just passed the Natural Resources Management Act with strong bipartisan support. Speaking now w/ my colleagues to explain why this #LandsPackage2019 is a significant victory for Alaska and states across the country. Watch live here ️
To read more on provisions in the #LandsPackage2019 that address a wide range of Alaska priorities, click here:
#LandsPackage2019 renews National Geologic Mapping Act Reauthorization Act, helping us map more of AK's world-class mineral base, important for our efforts to diversify our economy create new jobs revenues, but also for improving our nation’s weakened mineral security.
The #LandsPackage2019 also enables small miners the ability to get back to business, by reinstating the claims of four Alaska miners who had their claims taken away as a result of an administrative error.
My bipartisan #LandsPackage2019 addresses priorities in Alaska, such as a provision to provide routing flexibility for the Alaska gasline project in Denali National Park and Preserve.
Congratulations to Brent Sass and his team of dogs on their second Yukon Quest win! This 1,000 mile sled dog race is not for the faint of heart. #YQ2019
Proud to introduce the Behavioral Health Crisis Response Improvements Act w/ @SenAmyKlobuchar, which will support specialized training for law enforcement officers who respond to cases involving people w/ a mental illness or substance use disorder.
Happy to announce that @SenDanSullivan and I have made an addition to our team - Dana Herndon has been hired as our Juneau Delegation Representative, where she will assist constituents in Juneau and other communities in Southeast Alaska.
Thanks to Alaska VA and partners for putting on this unique event to raise awareness for suicide prevention and mental health awareness, as well as the important role service dogs play in the recovery and treatment for veterans.
Loved seeing pictures from the Ruff Carpet in Anchorage this past weekend, an event to showcase service and emotional support animals for veterans.
The Land and Water Conservation Fund was enacted to help preserve, develop, and assure access to outdoor recreation resources. My bipartisan #LandsPackage2019 permanently reauthorizes the #LWCF with meaningful and commonsense reforms that have been in my view, a long time coming.
Our bill includes a number of important western water provisions. We improve water management by taking important steps to provide greater local control over water resources and promote management that balances the needs of water users with fish and wildlife protection.
My bipartisan #LandsPackage2019 currently on the Senate floor is about more than just lands – it’s about #water too.
Proud to join Senator @ChrisVanHollen and other colleagues by supporting the Federal Civilian Workforce Pay Raise Fairness Act of 2019.  This bill would provide federal employees with a 2.6 percent cost of living increase. Read more
I am going to continue to fight for the good men and women that make up our nation’s federal workforce, ensuring they are fairly and adequately compensated, and to make sure that we show our workers the respect they have earned.
I spoke at the American Federal of Government Employees’ Legislative Conference today and shared some ways I’ve been fighting for them.
I met w/ the Women’s Sports Foundation, a group of Olympians top-level athletes who are also excellent role-models for girls around the world. We discussed how athletics can empower women and girls in all aspects of their lives and inspire them to do great things.
I will not let our Alaska Native Vietnam veterans be forgotten as we work to make good on this long overdue commitment to provide these veterans with the land allotments they earned and rightfully deserve.
Proud to support @SenDanSullivan's Alaska Native Veterans Land Allotment Equity Act, which is included in the #LandsPackage2019 before the Senate. This bill ensures the federal government fulfills its decades-old promise to Alaska Natives who served in the Vietnam War.
The bill would reauthorize the Native American Languages Preservation Act through FY2024, decreases the number of students required to participate in programs in order to receive funding, makes it easier for smaller Native communities to receive language revitalization grants.
Senate Indian Affairs Cmte unanimously advanced the Esther Martinez Native American Languages Programs Reauthorization Act (I introduced w/ @SenatorTomUdall) to support Native American language revitalization programs for consideration by the full Senate.
Our bill enhances opportunities for hunters, anglers, and outdoor recreation enthusiasts, strengthens land conservation, and helps boost the outdoor recreation economy.
My bipartisan #LandsPackage2019 includes a bill to improve access provide new opportunities for Americans to enjoy our federal lands. The Sportsmen’s Act provision makes federal lands “open unless closed”, establishing a new standard of access for access to our public lands.
Whether it’s hiking, hunting, or fishing, these are traditions that have been passed down for generations. Americans should be able to access and enjoy their public lands. It’s as simple as that.
Our lands package creates a Volcano Watch Office that will operate 24-7 to provide continuous situational awareness of all active volcanoes in the US territories. Proud to ensure the @USGS has the resources it needs to strengthen our monitoring, warning response capabilities.
Reality is that often sexual assault survivors are unable to develop a case against their attacker due to the lack of trained individuals to help collect the necessary forensic evidence. Every victim has the right to access care to be given the opportunity to pursue justice.
I reintroduced a bill w/ @SenatorMurray to improve expand access to healthcare services for survivors of sexual assault. The Survivors’ Access to Supportive Care Act #SASCA helps to expand our network of forensic examiner providers across the nation.
