This administration is doing everything it can to kill American jobs and
RT @MarkWarner: When it comes to the security clearance system that protects our nation’s secrets, the White House needs to get its act tog…
President Trump granted security clearances to his family members against the advice of the intelligence community, his legal counsel, and his four-star general chief of staff. Our nation’s most sensitive information is at risk under this president and we must demand oversight.
I’m in awe of the social, economic, cultural political contributions of women in #NM and across the world. It is because of your never-ending perseverance to make this world a better place that we have achieved so much. #InternationalWomensDay #IWD2019
N. Scott Momaday’s Pulitzer Prize winning novel is about a World War II veteran returning to his home in Jemez Pueblo, New Mexico. #WorldBookDay
thank u, next
Wilbur Ross rigged the system to undercount the population in the 2020 census — a move that would largely impact states like New Mexico with significant immigrant and minority populations.
RT @fightthe40: We now have House (H.R. 748) and Senate (S. 684) bills to fully repeal the #CadillacTax!  Thank you @RepJoeCourtney @MikeKe…
Happy to join @WstrnPriorities to talk about the bipartisan #PublicLands package and how important it is to New Mexico.
We must take action to protect the health safety of communities impacted by PFAS contamination around Holloman Cannon Air Force bases. This bill will allow the @DeptofDefense to respond with urgency mandate a plan of action to clean up contamination.
DHS @SecNielsen today: "We don't use cages for children." Reality:
I'm proud to join @SenatorRounds in leading a bipartisan effort to eliminate the so-called "Cadillac Tax" and ensure millions of middle-class families who rely on employer-based health care aren't unfairly penalized.
I’m joining 44 Senators to introduce a bill to restore #NetNeutrality. Putting corporations in control of what you see on the internet undermines freedom of speech freedom of expression. #SaveTheNet
The Energy Transition Act is our opportunity to put New Mexico in the best possible place to lead in clean energy, confront climate change, and create the energy jobs of the future. Let’s get this done. #SB489 #nmleg #nmpol
Today is #AAPIEqualPay Day. It takes AAPI women two extra months, on average, to make the same salary as their white male counterparts make in a year — that's unacceptable. We must pass the #PaycheckFairnessAct
A vote for Chad Readler to the 6th Circuit is a vote to end protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions. This judicial nomination is another effort by the Trump administration to sabotage our health care system. We MUST protect the #ACA and vote NO on Chad Readler.
We can't leave our kids behind. It's long past time we put our Permanent School Fund to work for early childhood education. We owe it to the future of our children and we owe it to the future of our state. We must act now. #nmleg #SB671
Time is running out for the N.M. Legislature to establish a State Outdoor Recreation Office that will diversify New Mexico’s economy and make our state a national leader in outdoor recreation. #nmleg
RT @SenateDems: “Unless we start to implement policies to curb our carbon emissions and to mitigate its impacts, climate change will contin…
No surprise that New Mexico makes @NatGeo's list of the top places that will benefit from the #PublicLands bill.
This is another example of the impact of the Trump administration’s anti-immigrant rhetoric and policies in our communities. We must hold ICE accountable and ensure its resources are not misused, especially to target a U.S. citizen and veteran.
Religious intolerance and hate speech are unacceptable. Period. The Republican Party should condemn this behavior and call for an apology.
The Southwest Chief is vital to the economic well-being of our communities in New Mexico. I'm pleased Amtrak is keeping their commitment to maintain this essential service.
Jared Kushner is a counterintelligence risk. Why won’t the president listen to the advice of the intelligence community, his legal counsel, or his four-star general chief of staff? Nepotism at its worst.
It was great to have Andrew Jeremy from @NWF @NMWildlife visit my office to celebrate the historic #PublicLands passing both chambers. A lot of hard work went into this. Thank you to everyone who helped us achieve these major wins for America's public lands. #SaveLWCF
I voted NO on Andrew Wheeler to lead the EPA. Americans need a leader at the EPA who will act on climate change work to protect our land, air water. Unfortunately, I lack confidence that Wheeler, a former coal lobbyist turned Acting EPA Administrator, is up for the task.
President Trump must reaffirm our alliances in the region, and remain committed to strong sanctions so long as North Korea maintains its nuclear facilities and dismal human rights record, including the detaining, torturing, and killing of a U.S. citizen.
I always welcome diplomacy to lower tensions on the Korean Peninsula, but going in without a plan continues to give the notoriously untrustworthy North Korean dictator the international legitimacy he has always craved.
RT @RepDebHaaland: Thank you @MartinHeinrich. #ActOnClimate
WATCH LIVE: I'm on the Senate Floor calling on @senatemajldr and Republicans to finally acknowledge what we all know to be true: climate change is real, it's caused by humans, and it requires immediate action.
RT @SenateDems: WATCH: All 47 Senate Democrats are introducing a resolution today that affirms three simple things:1. Climate change is r…
Background checks work. I should know – I've been through them many times. It’s long overdue that we take real action to reduce the gun violence in our communities.
There is no national emergency on our southern border. The Senate must now take action to stand up against President Trump’s abuse of power.
This is what happens when we turn our back on science and medicine. Ask the folks suffering from measles in Washington state how this ends. #scienceworks
The #PublicLands package just passed the House and we’re one step closer to protecting our public lands, creating new outdoor recreation opportunities, and building on the success of our nation's most effective conservation programs. #SaveLWCF
We can't let @senatemajldr ignore the fight to #ActOnClimate any longer. We are asking for a debate on the Senate Floor to let the American people hear where both sides stand on the most pressing issue facing our nation.
Facts are facts – there are not two sides to science. We must act before it’s too late.
The American people deserve truth transparency about the Saudi government’s involvement in this shameful act. That starts with ensuring the public hears directly from the intelligence community identifying who carried out or ordered Mr. Khashoggi’s
The Trump administration has been unwilling to acknowledge the abduction, torture, and killing of Jamal Khashoggi for what it was: a state-sponsored, cold blooded murder within a diplomatic consulate.
Let’s listen to leaders along our southern border, like @Gabe_NM. We need pragmatic, responsible solutions to address the needs that reflect the reality along our southern border.
President Trump's tariffs on solar panels are killing jobs in an otherwise booming industry.
The Trump administration’s blatant rejection of science is putting all of our lives in danger.
Looking for a summer internship? My offices in ABQ, Las Cruces, and D.C. are taking applications for paid interns. Join our team to cultivate a career in public service and learn first-hand how our government works. Apply today:
The only action the White House and Republicans are taking on climate change is to undermine and deny it exists.
RT @SenSchumer: It's been one week since I challenged @SenateMajLdr McConnell to finally agree to 3 principles:1. Climate change is real…
Under the Trump administration, states are on the frontline of reducing harmful greenhouse gas emissions. I'm pleased @GovMLG the NM Legislature are working to pass forward-looking policies to grow our renewable energy economy. #nmleg #nmpol
Kids shouldn't have to fight for their future alone. We must act on climate now.
RT @ZcohenCNN: This got lost in the shuffle today ...
When we invest in our youngest citizens, we invest in our future. I commend the #NM House for sending a clear message that the time to invest in early childhood education and put our children first is now. #nmleg #nmpol
RT @GovMLG: I congratulate the New Mexico House on their vote tonight demonstrating a commitment to investing in New Mexico’s children. Onc…
In order for the Committee to meet its mission to conduct vigorous oversight over the intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, these reports must be made available to every member of the Committee as soon as possible.
As members of the Senate Committee on Intelligence, we are urging Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats to provide the Committee with full reports evaluating the impact of any foreign interference in U.S. elections.
Proud to work with @HunterandAngler and the Congressional Sportsmen’s Caucus to advance major wins in the #PublicLands package for sportsmen including #LWCF and my bill, the HUNT Act, to open up access to public lands for hunting, fishing, and recreation.
Let me get this straight, he’s stealing billions from the military and counter-drug operations to build a wall that we don’t want or need???? Wow.
�
Let's be clear, there is no national emergency on our southern border. President Trump's attempt to save face with the extreme right-wing voices of his party is a wild abuse of power.
For 26 years, the Family and Medical Leave Act has kept millions of workers from losing their jobs, but we can do more. I’m proud to cosponsor @SenGillibrand’s #FAMILYAct that will lift up American families by providing #PaidLeave.
I look forward to being part of any legal and legislative action that reigns in this imperial president. I hope my Republican colleagues will join me and put country over party.
There is no national emergency on our southern border. President Trump’s threat to declare a national emergency to save face with the extreme right-wing voices of his party is a wild abuse of power.
While I’m pleased to see the EPA take a step forward with a PFAS Action Plan, I’m disappointed they have failed to commit to setting an enforceable standard for PFAS. We can't wait to take action, we need to address this issue with the urgency it deserves.
RT @SenatorTomUdall: If the president tries to use an emergency declaration to raid critical funds— funds meant for disaster recovery mil…
#PublicLands belong in public hands.
In a frustrating political time in Washington, when it can be difficult to find any areas of agreement, I’m proud that we found a way forward to pass the largest #PublicLands package in over a decade.
I’m voting NO on William Barr to be attorney general. Barr has failed to demonstrate that he will be fair and impartial in upholding our country’s laws, from health care and immigration to reproductive and privacy rights.
Happy birthday to my friend and fellow hunter @StevenRinella!
Landmark wins for NM in the #PublicLands package:PERMANENTLY reauthorizes #LWCFAdds wilderness areas in Rio Grande del Norte #RGDNAdds wilderness areas in Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks #OMDP4NMPasses Every Kid Outdoors Act
This historic legislation leaves our country better off for generations to come.
Looking forward to speaking at the #EStoragePolicy forum this morning. #energystorage
I'm proud to have championed major wins for New Mexico in the #LandsPackage2019.
RT @Wilderness: This is HUGE! The Senate just voted to protect 2.3 million acres of public lands and waters, including over 1 million acres…
I have no doubt that this #PublicLands package will go a long way toward ensuring that the outdoor places we all treasure will be protected for future generations of Americans to enjoy.
Thank you to @LisaMurkowski, @Sen_JoeManchin, @SenatorCantwell, and everyone who has fought for these conservation victories for years.
In a frustrating political time in Washington, when it can be difficult to find any areas of agreement, I'm pleased we've found a way forward on these important #PublicLands bills.
Among many wins, the #PublicLands package PERMANENTLY reauthorizes one of America's most successful conservation programs: the Land Water Conservation Fund. #LWCF
The Senate just passed the largest bipartisan #PublicLands package in over a decade to protect our public lands, create new outdoor recreation opportunities, and build on the success of our nation's most effective conservation programs.
Today is a historic day for America's #PublicLands.
WATCH LIVE: I'm speaking at a press conference on the landmark #PublicLands package that just passed the Senate with major wins I championed for New Mexico.
Great fact check of the @WSJ editorial board's outdated cherrypicked wind power examples. You have to work pretty hard to get things as wrong as they just did.
RT @ChrisEvans: Either you STILL don’t understand that weather is not climate despite literally everyone explaining it to you every time yo…
This president is determined to force taxpayers to pay for his wasteful border wall, even if it means taking funds from military families and disaster relief efforts. 
I’m glad to see Rep. Ilhan Omar has apologized. There is no room for anti-Semitism or religious intolerance in our political discourse.
Just spoke with my friend, @BetoORourke. I'm proud to stand with him everyone along our border region from Las Cruces to El Paso working to reclaim the narrative of their own communities.
RT @NASAedu: Happy International Day of Women Girls in Science! Women play a critical role in the science technology advancements takin…
America's #PublicLands are worth protecting. I'm urging my colleagues to pass the bipartisan public lands package to help ensure the outdoor places we all treasure will be protected for future generations to enjoy.
Excited that @Facebook’s data center in Los Lunas is officially up and running! This is a billion dollar investment in our economy and a tribute to New Mexico’s growing #CleanEnergy industry. #LosLunas
Our communities have spoken. This is the right thing to do to protect Chaco Canyon.
Instead of wasting billions of dollars on a reckless border wall, we should make smart, responsible investments. Proud to introduce pragmatic proposals that address the gaps in the border security debate and reflect the realities of our border communities.
Wheeler shouldn’t be confirmed as @EPA Director until he commits to setting an enforceable standard addressing PFAS.
Proud to introduce legislation to protect our treasured national monuments from political attacks. We must keep our public lands in public hands. #MonumentsForAll

I introduced the REMOTE Act to address this exact issue. @DHSGov agencies on the frontlines need appropriate medical training resources to prevent unnecessary tragedies, like those of Jakelin Caal Maquin and Felipe Alonzo-Gomez, from happening again.
We must ensure @DHSgov and agencies on the frontlines have the medical resources needed to prevent unnecessary tragedies. I’m proud to work with key stakeholders to find common ground on pragmatic, responsible solutions to address the needs along our southern border.
The Trump administration’s cruel and reckless immigration policies are endangering the lives of asylum seekers and straining resources and capacity at remote CBP locations.
We need the @EPA to take the issue of PFAS contamination seriously. However, their choice to lead this research is deeply troubling.
This isn't just a coincidence – this is scientific data. Let’s #ActOnClimate now.
This isn't just a coincidence - this is scientific data. Let’s #ActOnClimate now.
WATCH LIVE: I'm on the Senate Floor to champion the bipartisan #PublicLands package and highlight the major wins it includes for New Mexico.
New Mexico’s public lands and recreation opportunities are unrivaled. I’m pleased to see @GovMLG and local lawmakers take this important step to boost our outdoor recreation economy. #nmleg #nmpol
Unity isn’t a once a year effort. The president’s call for bipartisanship fell flat the moment he doubled down on his fearmongering and divisive politics. #SOTU
The border is not a war zone. I applaud @GovMLG’s decision.
A message from my #SOTU guest, former Pueblo of Acoma Governor Kurt Riley, to President Trump: "Care for all of us."
I will keep fighting to ensure we meet the trust obligation under federal treaty rights to guarantee tribes have funding for health care, housing, and other essential services.
Honored to have Governor Kurt Riley as my guest for the State of the Union tonight. It's important to shine a light on the long-lasting impact of the shutdown in tribal communities. #SOTU
I’m proud to have joined a bipartisan group of senators calling on the EPA to set enforceable standards for dangerous PFAS chemicals.
We can’t wait any longer to take action. The EPA Air Force need to take immediate action to clean up contamination ensure the health and safety of the community.
"Seeking asylum is a right — one this country must uphold." @ACLU_BRC
We can't allow President Trump to raid taxpayer dollars for a wall that New Mexicans don’t want or need under the false pretense of a national emergency.
Now more than ever, local journalists play a critical role in our democracy. Tough loss for the Las Cruces community and devastating for local news in New Mexico. I am deeply grateful for the work @WalterRubel has done.
BLM needs to take a step back and let New Mexicans and tribal communities have a say before they move forward.
Chaco Canyon is a sacred site that is revered by New Mexicans and deserves to be protected from any harmful development that would damage its precious historical and cultural resources.
It is shameful that the Trump Administration is moving ahead with this sale and has left the public out of the process that was fast-tracked during the shutdown.
This is unacceptable. @DHSgov needs to take the appropriate steps to reunite the families that they ordered to be separated. They must be held accountable.
He clearly doesn’t believe in science and has no faith in American innovation.
Not only did the administration prove why we don’t need a wall, the president himself can’t distinguish Border Patrol Agents from CBP Officers at ports of entry. Hard to take them seriously on their demands for a wall when they don’t understand the basics.
Today marks the start of #BlackHistoryMonth, a time to recognize honor the Black men women who've fought for a more equal just society. It's also a time to reflect on the racism bigotry that still exists today continue working to make our communities country stronger.
Couldn’t agree more. That’s why I cosponsored legislation to ensure the thousands of federal contractors in New Mexico impacted by Trump's reckless shutdown get the back pay they deserve. 
Am I too late to the 10-Year Challenge...?
There are many challenges when starting your own business. Where you live shouldn’t be one of them.
#GOPTaxScam
RT @RepDebHaaland: .@SenatorTomUdall, @MartinHeinrich, @repbenraylujan, @RepTorresSmall and I honoring the legacy of Pueblo storyteller and…
So much for "baseload" power.
Native women and girls face appalling levels of violence, exploitation, and murder. They deserve better. I'm proud to reintroduce Savanna's Act to address this crisis, and I will continue fighting to keep our Native communities safe.
Proud to introduce bipartisan legislation to reauthorize the North American Wetlands Conservation Act – which has helped restore wetlands habitat in New Mexico and all across North America. #NAWCA
This is from the guy who tweeted last year “There is no longer a Nuclear Threat from North Korea.” President Trump needs to stop taking cheap shots at his own Intelligence Community and learn to pay attention to his briefings.
RT @DanRather: “The irony of the wall is it works best the further you are from the border,” said Senator Martin Heinrich, Democrat of New…
Congratulations – so proud of you! Thank you for everything you do for New Mexico.
Before any border wall proposal moves forward, we need to mandate consultation with stakeholders, increase transparency, and ensure that landowners are properly compensated before the government takes possession of their property to build new border infrastructure.
Proud to work with fellow border state Senators @SenKamalaHarris, @SenFeinstein, and @SenatorTomUdall in introducing the Full Fair and Complete Exchange Act.
Ten years after President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter #FairPay Act, women – especially women of color – are still battling for #EqualPay. It’s time to pass the #PaycheckFairness Act. #Ledbetter10
This study shows rural communities in New Mexico stand to lose $76 million annually if Amtrak replaces the Southwest Chief with charter buses. I'll continue fighting any effort to undermine this vital service. 
Proud that @GovMLG is taking steps to show that New Mexico can lead in developing clean energy, confronting climate change, and creating jobs. #nmleg #nmpol
RT @KenDilanianNBC: At threats hearing, @MartinHeinrich asked Coats and Wray about @NBCNews exclusive reporting that career officials were…
REMINDER: This is a direct result of the Trump administration's anti-immigrant and reckless policies that are putting lives at risk and straining resources at the border.
President Trump’s temper tantrum dragged us into the longest and costliest government shutdown in American history. $11 billion and counting; the impacts will affect New Mexicans for years to come.
The time to stop talking and start doing is right now. #nmleg #nmpol
The top two fastest growing jobs in the country are in renewable energy. And New Mexico is has an opportunity to be a leader in both.
On Saturday, I was proud to join @RepDebHaaland, @MayorKeller, and dozens of volunteers who came together to clean up @PetroglyphNPS and help mitigate the damage of President Trump's shutdown on our public lands.
We can't get into a cycle of the president holding federal workers hostage when he doesn’t get his way. I'll keep fighting for workers impacted by the shutdown to ensure they get their backpay work to find a bipartisan solution to keep our gov't open.
Today, we honor the survivors and those killed during the holocaust. We must commit ourselves to preventing future atrocities and protecting refugees from persecution and violence. #HolocaustRemembranceDay #WeRemember
Today, I joined @RepDebHaaland for a discussion with Department of Interior employees in Albuquerque to hear about how the government shutdown impacted them and their critical work for New Mexico's public lands.
The #TrumpShutdown left public lands unattended, putting wildlife, landscapes and human lives at risk. Thankful to the volunteers and community here in NM who helped to mitigate the damage caused by the shutdown.
And a big thank you to our federal employees who work to protect our public lands in New Mexico.
Proud to join @RepDebHaaland @MayorKeller @nmwild @PatDavisNM all of the volunteers who came out to clean up @PetroglyphNPS today.
RT @nmwild: Don't forget! We are cleaning up Petroglyph National Monument today with @MartinHeinrich, @MayorKeller and @Wilderness. Please…
Stopped by @RoadrunnerFdBnk for their annual Souper Bowl. I’m grateful for the work they do to feed tens of thousands of New Mexicans. I'm especially thankful for how much they stepped up during the shutdown to help federal workers and their families put food on the table.
President Trump’s shutdown is finally over, but the impacts to our communities will be long-lasting. This morning, @RepDebHaaland and I met with workers at @FNCHDOTORG to discuss how the shutdown impacted health care in tribal communities.
Now we must ensure our federal workers and contractors are made whole and receive their back pay as soon as possible.
For over a month, he thrust our country into the longest government shutdown in history, using federal workers and contractors as bargaining chips, and leaving long lasting damage to our communities.
I am pleased that President Trump has taken this important step to end his prolonged, costly, and unnecessary shutdown.
Inaction is a moral failure to the children who are literally our future. The time to stop talking and start doing is right now. This session is the opportunity many of us have been fighting for all our lives. We can’t wait. #nmleg #nmpol
The start of the @GovMLG administration and this legislative session represent a once-in-a-generation opportunity to turn New Mexico around. We can't wait. #nmleg #nmpol
For too long we haven't invested enough in our people. We finally have the leadership resources to invest in public education job training, expand behavioral health, reform our criminal justice system use our Permanent School Fund for early childhood education.#nmleg #nmpol
New Mexico has some of the richest wind solar resources on Earth, but we need to improve our state level policies if we want to spur more investment job growth. We must set ambitious goals adopt an aggressive renewable energy portfolio standard. We can't wait. #nmleg #nmpol
This is our opportunity to work together to expand our public lands and make New Mexico a national leader in outdoor recreation. This session can do that by passing forward looking policies like the creation of a State Outdoor Recreation Office. #nmleg #nmpol
Despite the political chaos in Washington, there are still ways to pass legislation and secure resources to enhance New Mexico's unique assets: our labs bases, our public lands, our clean energy potential, and our people. #nmleg #nmpol
Today, federal workers across our state missed their second paycheck. They can't afford for President Trump to keep holding them hostage like this whenever he doesn't get his way. That's not how democracy works. That's how extortion works. #nmleg #nmpol
WATCH LIVE: I'm addressing the joint session of the State Legislature. #nmleg #nmpol
RT @KFOX14: #NewMexico @SenatorTomUdall and @TeamHeinrich are fighting to ensure that federal workers don’t lose their vision and dental in…
Air Traffic Controllers from NM delivered letters to my office about how they've been forced to work w/o pay showed me $0 paystubs from their first missed paycheck. Tomorrow, federal workers will miss a second paycheck. They deserve better. Pres. Trump — reopen the government.
Today, we have an opportunity to reopen the government. I urge my colleagues to vote YES on the clean funding bill end this shutdown now.
Trump’s shutdown will have a lasting impact on health care for New Mexico’s tribal communities.
The ignorance is appalling.
This is the result of President Trump and Republicans repeatedly sabotaging our health care system.
This is dangerous. Firefighters are being forced to work w/o pay vital forest health projects are delayed. Grateful for the first responders putting their lives on the line - they deserve better. Pres. Trump Senate Rs need to reopen the government
We need to focus on reopening the government immediately. Let’s vote on the clean CR bill to do just that.
This isn’t just about a border wall. Trump’s proposal is full of cruel anti-immigrant poison pills that fails to provide permanent relief for Dreamers and would ban children from Central America from seeking asylum.
President Trump needs to stop holding American workers hostage and open the damn government.
Disheartened by this decision. I stand with transgender Americans who serve in our military honorably put their lives on the line to protect us. #TransMilitaryBan
That's why I introduced legislation to safeguard Dreamers’ private information. We must protect the personal information DACA applicants entrusted with the government and ensure that they are not unfairly targeted by President Trump for deportation.
However, Dreamers across the country continue to face a harsh uncertainty about their future and are worried that the information they shared will be used against them. To do this would be an extraordinary and unprecedented breach of trust by our government.
These are some of our brightest students and veterans who came forward based on the promise that our government would not deport them and provided personal information about themselves and their families.
Nearly a million Dreamers across the country have come out of the shadows because of the promise that DACA represented, including more than 7,000 from New Mexico.
As we celebrate the anniversary of the landmark #RoeVWade decision, we must also recommit to support and fight for a woman's right to choose as the law of the land at all levels of government.
The #TrumpShutdown is taking a serious toll on our outdoor recreation economy and leaving New Mexicans unable to safely enjoy our public lands. 
More than a half century since Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s assassination, the march for full equality for all Americans is still incomplete. We must not forget Dr. King’s message his call on each of us to take an active role to make our communities country stronger. #MLKDay
Rich is a retired Federal Air Traffic Controller who now teaches current air traffic controllers in Albuquerque. Rich told me he's worried that if the shutdown continues he will stop receiving his retirement checks and be forced to dip into his savings. #ShutdownStories
The only responsible path forward is to reopen the government immediately.
@brianschatz
Extortion is not negotiation. Dreamers government workers are not bargaining chips for President Trump's wasteful border wall.
RT @RepDebHaaland: This Veteran put his life on the line for our country. The students’ display of blatant hate, disrespect, and intoleranc…
“The effects of a changing climate are a national security issue with potential impacts to DOD missions, operational plans and installations.”
Congratulations to the 195 new U.S. citizens sworn in today in Albuquerque. #NM
The deaths of Jakelin Caal Maquin Felipe Alonzo-Gomez raise serious concerns about @SecNielsen’s leadership. We cannot let tragedies like theirs happen again.
Thousands of low-wage federal contractors in N.M. – janitors, kitchen staff, etc. – have been left w/o pay for weeks because of Pres. Trump’s reckless shutdown. It’s time for the GOP to reopen the government ensure these workers get the pay they deserve.
The effects of the #TrumpShutdown are rippling through our economy, putting us at risk of a recession. President Trump must open the government immediately.
For New Mexicans affected by the shutdown, the #NM community is stepping up to help alleviate financial and emotional stress during this difficult time.
This is tragic news. My thoughts are with the skiers and their families. I'm grateful for the ski patrol and volunteers who came together and responded immediately.
Before any more consideration is given to wasting billions on a border wall, we must ensure DHS agencies on the frontlines have the resources needed to prevent such tragedies from happening again. Until we do, we're endangering the lives of more children  families. [6/6]
In fact, DHS’ own IG report concluded that “limiting the volume of asylum-seekers entering at ports of entry” may be causing the increase in unauthorized crossing attempts between ports of entry. [5/6]
The reality is that the administration’s inhumane – and frankly incompetent – policies and practices are at the root of this very serious problem. [4/6]
These deaths have raised questions about the lack of leadership at DHS, particularly: what is causing families seeking asylum to make the dangerous journey of crossing between major ports of entry to remote areas of our southern border? [3/6]
I’ve demanded answers and investigations from DHS. We’ve received no response. [2/6]
In the past two months, two young migrant children have tragically died in @DHSgov custody. [1/6]
I’ll say it again — @SecNielsen should resign.
I'm honored for this new leadership role that will allow me to further New Mexico's strong position as a leader in defense and national security for years to
RT @KSWVradio: U.S. Senator @MartinHeinrich will be Adi’s guest this afternoon at 12:15pm. Federal gov shutdown and other issues to be disc…
Richard works for an organization that partners with the U.S. Forest Service to teach NM students about watershed science ecological restoration. The shutdown hinders his work he’s worried furloughed Forest Service staff may struggle to support their families #ShutdownStories
Tune in soon to @KUNMNews. I'll be live on #LetsTalkNM to talk about how the Trump shutdown is impacting New Mexicans.
I'm joining my colleagues in introducing a resolution that would defend the #ACA in the recent Texas court ruling ensure those with pre-existing conditions are protected. #ProtectOurCare
We need to address the soaring cost of prescription drugs in our country. Proud to cosponsor legislation to ensure prescription drugs are safe and more affordable.
