Sorry, Mr. Trump and Mr. Meadows. I was not part of any of the staff proffer sessions with Mr. Cohen.You really should be more careful about making or propagating false statements if you wish to condemn Cohen and others. I’m sure it was unintentional....
To tackle the toughest issues, we must restore voting rights, increase campaign finance transparency, end the gerrymander and enact tough anti-corruption standards.Today, the House passed landmark legislation to do just that. Your move, @senatemajldr. #HR1
The statement by Paul Manafort’s lawyer after an already lenient sentence — repeating the President’s mantra of no collusion — was no accident. It was a deliberate appeal for a pardon.One injustice must not follow another.
Check out their responses
I've received official responses from @Google and @Facebook re: steps the companies will take to combat anti-vaccine misinformation.The ultimate test will be if these measures reduce the spread of anti-vaccine content on their platforms, to the benefit of public health.
Presidents can use a pardon to rectify an injustice. They may not use it to obstruct justice. I just introduced legislation to ensure that if the pardon power is abused to coverup crimes involving any President, his/her family or associates, Congress finds out:
While North Korea may be reconstructing a test site at facility previously used for space launches, Trump cancels joint exercises with our South Korean allies. Kim Jong Un strategy: “negotiation accompanied by provocation”Trump strategy: “negotiation accompanied by concession”
A week ago, I stated that there was no nepotism exception to the requirement that you pass a background check to have access to classified information. I stand corrected. Nepotism is apparently the rule in the Trump Administration, not the exception.
I've long feared Trump would use the instruments of state power to carry out his vendetta against the press he has attacked as the "enemy of the people." Congress must find out whether Trump did just that by seeking to interfere in a merger or raising postal rates on Amazon.
I’ve at times posed the unanswerable question of how one can ethically serve a deeply unethical man.It appears the National Security Advisor’s approach is to pretend he doesn’t understand English.
We will not abide by Trump’s “red line” or ignore his business dealings with the Russians.The Trump Tower Moscow deal and credible allegations the Russians laundered money through the Trump Org must be investigated.Either could compromise the President of the United States.
Trump went to the North Korea summit unprepared. The result?He has enhanced Kim Jong Un’s prestige on the world stage, given up our joint military exercises, and gotten nothing for it.This Administration is flying by the seat of its pants, with real world consequences.
There are 880,000 reasons why DOJ must give Mueller report and underlying evidence to Congress:In 2018, DOJ gave Congress that many pages – classified info, messages and files even as to individuals not indicted, because of public interest.We won't permit a double standard.
I'm concerned by reports that @Amazon accepts paid advertising with deliberate misinformation about vaccines.Every online platform, including Amazon, must act responsibly and ensure that they do not contribute to this growing public health catastrophe. My letter to @JeffBezos:
The mystery of how Jared Kushner was granted a top secret security clearance despite myriad financial entanglements and undisclosed foreign meetings has been solved:His father in law ordered it.It’s called clearance by nepotism and a serious abuse that endangers our security.
Walking away from the summit was better than making a bad deal. It’s also the result of a poorly planned strategy.But accepting Kim’s denial of involvement in Warmbier’s death? Detestable, and harkens back to Trump’s duplicitous acceptances of denials from other dictators.
Today Cohen provided the American public with a first-hand account of serious misconduct by Trump those around him.Tomorrow we‘ll examine in depth many of those topics including Trump Tower Moscow, Roger Stone/Wikileaks and any WH role in Cohen’s false statements to Congress.
In the past, Congress responded to Parkland, Thousand Oaks, Orlando, Las Vegas, Sandy Hook, and so many other mass shootings with thoughts and prayers.That’s not enough. Not even close.Today, Congress acts. Today, we VOTE on #HR8 to require background checks on every gun sale
The resurgence of authoritarianism makes clear the spread of democracy is not assured, and the fight for freedom must be carried anew by each generation.That’s why our first @HouseIntel hearing was on how we can stand with our global allies as champions of democracy.
This double standard won’t cut it.For two years, I sounded the alarm about DOJ’s deviation from just that principle as it turned over hundreds of thousands of pages in closed or ongoing investigations. I warned that DOJ would need to live by this precedent.And it will.
When Mueller’s investigation is complete, the report must be made public. If Attorney General Barr tries to hide it, we’ll subpoena the report, insist on the underlying evidence, have Mueller testify, and take it to court, if needed.The American people deserve the facts.
With the number of scandals in the Trump Administration, it can be hard to keep up with events in the swamp.But a federal judge has ruled that Secretary Acosta broke the law to give a sweetheart deal to a billionaire pedophile.Absolutely jaw dropping that he hasn’t resigned.
Here’s our simple message to Attorney General Barr:When Special Counsel Robert Mueller completes the investigation, make his report public. And turn the evidence over to Congress. Without delay and to the maximum extent permitted by law.Our letter:
An open letter to my GOP colleagues:You‘ve bemoaned Trump’s lack of decency, character and integrity. But you have chosen to keep your misgivings, your rising alarm, private. That must end. The time for silent disagreement is over. You must speak
Congress rejected funding for a border wall, and agreed on a consensus bill on border security. If we allow Trump to bypass Congress, it will eviscerate a vital check on any unethical president.Proud to cosponsor the resolution to nullify this unconstitutional declaration.
Trump has ignored the Intelligence Community: On threat posed by Russia,On North Korea’s nuclear plans,On murder of Khashoggi,And now the danger posed by climate change.Trump cannot be warned of threats to national security,He is a threat to national security.
Last week, I wrote to Facebook and Google to express my concern that their sites are steering users to bad information that discourages vaccinations, undermining public health. The search results you get for “vaccines” on Facebook are a dramatic illustration.
Dan Coats has been doing an outstanding job as Director of National Intelligence. He speaks truth to power and gives policy makers the best intelligence possible. He is loyal to the country and constitution, and that is as it should be.
Dangling pardons. Attempting to get a prosecutor to unrecuse. Threatening a cooperating witness. False public statements. Encouraging congressional allies to investigate the investigators to protect him.All of it a pattern of obstruction. All of it dangerous to the rule of law.
Proud to join a delegation to NATO and the European Union led by @SpeakerPelosi — one of the largest in Congressional history — to reaffirm our support for the transatlantic alliance.Congress must carry the torch of democracy and human rights while both are at increasing risk.
The Constitution grants Congress the power of the purse, and the President is now attempting to take that power to himself.If the GOP fails to stand up to Trump's unconstitutional act, we will have moved dangerously from a separation of powers, to a mere separation of parties.
The Court: The President said he didn’t need to declare an emergency, did he not?Counsel: Correct.The Court: And that he just did so because he wanted it done faster?Counsel: Yes, your honor.The Court: How on earth is that an emergency?Counsel: Hasn’t your time expired?
Weapons of war don't belong in our neighborhoods or on our streets.Congress let the Assault Weapons Ban expire 15 years ago, but today, we are introducing legislation to ban the sale, production, or possession of assault weapons.Let’s see who’s willing to stand up to the NRA.
Trump is declaring a national emergency to bypass Congress, to build a wall we don’t need, to address a crisis that doesn’t exist, by claiming an authority he doesn’t have. If that sounds like nonsense, it’s because it is. It’s also plainly unconstitutional.
In the wake of unspeakable horror, the young people of Parkland rose up to demand action on gun violence and mobilized a generation of activists. Thank you for your courage and call to action. The Democratic House has heard your call. But will the Senate?
Here’s what stands out to me from today’s ruling:Manafort lied about his contacts with an individual affiliated with Russian intelligence. And he lied intentionally.If Manafort had told the truth, it would have been so damaging to Trump as to negate his chances of a pardon.
The House just passed a resolution by @RoKhanna to withdraw U.S. support for the war in Yemen. Thousands of Yemenis have died, and millions more are at risk of starvation. There is no military solution to this humanitarian catastrophe. I hope today's vote is a step towards peace.
Trump as businessman: Stiff contractors. Trump as president: Stiff contractors. Who could have seen this coming?
It happened again. Trump insulted the press, egging on the frenzied crowd, and someone took it as license to assault a cameraman. Journalists take risks to cover the news every day. They shouldn't have to risk their safety to cover the President of the United States of America.
We will soon find out if the President will accept the bipartisan compromise or wants to further damage our economy and hurt working families. The deal offers the President less than prior to the shutdown. That should discourage any use of this abusive tactic in the future.
Step One: Hype an invented threat of an invasion of terrorists, murderers, and rapists.Step Two: Send troops to border to address the imaginary threat.Step Three: Justify the WALL as necessary to protect troops sent to meet the nonexistent threat.Step Four: Executive Time!
Walter Jones had the strength of his convictions and was passionately committed to ending America’s excessive reliance on its military. Was proud to work with him to repeal outdated war authorizations and limit the executive’s war powers.Congress won’t be the same without him.
Our investigation will make sure that the President is working in the national interest, not acting because of any pecuniary interest or fear of any compromise. That he’s looking out for the American people, and not his bank account.That’s what our investigation is about.
Lots of focus, and rightly so, on what Matt Whitaker said and refused to say about his conversations with the President, but his role in the family separation debacle deserves far more attention. @RepJayapal is right — this policy is a stain on our nation.
All countries do psychological profiles of other foreign leaders to determine how they can be manipulated.North Korea may have determined that if they flatter Trump, they can achieve normalization of relations and easing of sanctions without denuclearization.That’s dangerous.
John Dingell was a giant of the House. A commanding presence, wonderful colleague and rapier wit — who would tell you if you did not merit 140 characters.Few people in history have left a more profound impact on the House of Representatives. We will miss you, Mr. Chairman.
The threat of climate change is urgent and existential. But it’s not too late to save our planet.We need to marshal all our resources and American ingenuity against the devastating effects of climate change.That’s why I’m proud to support the #GreenNewDeal.
Democrats in the House will not be deterred by the @NRA.That’s why the Judiciary Committee held a hearing today on #HR8, a bill mandating background checks on firearm purchases. Keeping guns from criminals or domestic abusers is common sense.We've waited long #Enough.
I can understand why the idea of meaningful oversight terrifies the President. Several of his close associates are going to jail, others await trial, and criminal investigations continue. We’re going to do our job and won’t be distracted or intimidated by threats or attacks.
BREAKING: The House Intelligence Committee just voted to release all witness transcripts from our Russia investigation to the Department of Justice and Special Counsel Mueller.
Last night, Trump suggested that congressional oversight of his administration will hurt our economy.That’s false. But corruption will. Rooting out malfeasance is vital to our democracy and prosperity. Know what else hurts the economy? Ridiculous government shutdowns.
Fear. Division. Falsehood.Not hope. Not unity. Not truth.That’s what Donald Trump offered the nation tonight during the State of the Union.America isn’t buying what he’s selling. #SOTU
Apparently Trump's Inauguration had nothing to do with Trump.Nor did his campaign chairman.Nor his lawyer.Nor his national security adviser.Nor his foreign policy adviser.And given the amount of Executive Time, the presidency doesn't have much to do with him either.
Cabinet officials are confirmed with the advice and consent of the Senate because they are constitutional figures who must be devoted to the country and institutions they serve. They are not Trump's personal staff, beholden to no one but him, or to be discarded like a valet.
Trump did nothing for two years.And illegal border crossings are way down. Congress considered and rejected a wall. Intel chiefs didn’t even mention the southern border.That’s as poor a legal case for a national emergency as you can make. Trump will need those 17 new lawyers.
The President of the United States just suggested that lying under oath, obstructing justice and witness tampering are only “process crimes.”That process has a name. It’s called the justice system. And we’re going to fight to protect the rule of law, even if Trump won’t.
I bet @RepJoeKennedy a seafood lunch that the Dodgers would beat the Red Sox in the World Series. It...didn’t work out.Now it’s time for payback.  Once the Rams beat old man Brady in the Super Bowl, that lobstah is mine.
In a country that prizes the very ideals of equality, liberty, and opportunity, it is inexcusable that women continue to be paid less than men. Today House Democrats will reintroduce the Paycheck Fairness Act because we demand equal pay for equal
Joshua Tree, California’s fragile desert, was left open during the shutdown despite reduced staffing. The result?  Vandalism, campfires, illegal off-roading. Protected trees cut down for fire wood.  This damage could last for hundreds of years.
It is a credit to our intelligence agencies that they continue to provide rigorous and realistic analyses of the threats we face. It’s deeply dangerous that the White House isn’t listening.
The brave have many admirers,And the kind, a life filled with family and friends,The wise understand the frailty of human nature and the breadth of the company they keep,Only the bully must live alone,with his cowardice.
An Acting Attorney General who refuses to follow the advice of ethics lawyers and recuse himself from an investigation in which he has shown a clear bias is the last person who should speak for the Special Counsel.While the probe is ongoing, Mueller can speak for himself.
Negotiations with the Taliban are a necessary prerequisite to end America’s longest war. But to avoid troop withdrawal followed by government collapse, an agreement must include a mechanism to ensure the truce survives and Afghanistan is never again a base for attacks against us.
Holocaust Remembrance Day is an opportunity to honor the lives of the millions of Jews and other victims who were murdered, to remember our moral obligation to speak out against hatred in all of its forms and to act when we witness injustice. Never again.
As the indictments add up, we have to ask these questions:Why all of the efforts during the campaign to get Russian help with stolen emails and dirt on Hillary Clinton?Manafort, Gates, Papadopolous, and Stone...If there were innocent explanations for this, why all the lies?
Donald Trump wanted Russian help to build a lucrative Trump Tower in Moscow. His campaign wanted Russian help in the form of stolen emails and dirt on Hilary Clinton. And the Russians wanted Trump’s help in removing sanctions.The convergence of interests is hard to ignore.
Looking for one good reason why Trump and his campaign’s contacts with Russians are a counterintelligence nightmare? How about one hundred?
The U.S. government is finally open again.RT if you think Congress should pass legislation to prevent future shutdowns.
After inflicting enormous suffering on federal employees and those who depend on government services, the President is finally reopening the government with the same deal that was on the table in December.We need to take action to end “shutdowns” as a tactic, once and for all.
Most significant in the Stone indictment is new info that a senior campaign official was “directed” in July 2016 to contact Mr. Stone about additional Wikileaks releases.This was at same time candidate Trump was publicly calling for Russia’s help in obtaining Clinton’s emails.
Typically a president starts the State of the Union address by saying, “The state of our union is strong.” Does Trump really want to start his off by saying, “The state of our union is...closed.” Reopen the government, Mr. President. Citizens first. Ceremony later.
The shutdown’s impact on federal workers is bad enough, but the FBI is also losing counter-terrorism sources and is unable to fund key efforts to target terror suspects, drug traffickers and sexual predators.Time to reopen the government and stop putting our security at risk.
Discrimination is never patriotic. Allowing all who love our country to serve, is. Deeply disturbed the Supreme Court will allow Trump’s ban on transgender troops to take effect.As the legal battle continues, we’ll redouble our efforts to reverse this backward decision.
As a businessman, Donald Trump repeatedly failed to pay contractors and stiffed others on the bill.As president, he’s forcing federal employees to work without pay and is doing nothing to reopen the government.Is anyone surprised?
While Trump was pursuing deal worth hundreds of millions in Russia...He was advocating eliminating sanctions worth billions to Putin.He was asking Russia to hack Clinton’s emails.His son was meeting Russian officials to get dirt on Clinton.And Rudy says it’s no big deal?
Congrats to the @RamsNFL on an amazing Super Bowl run! Since they’re playing the Patriots, they are officially America’s team.Let’s win one more! cc @RepJoeKennedy
As we celebrate the great life of Martin Luther King, Jr., we challenge ourselves to live up to Dr. King’s example and continue to fight for the principles he held most dear – tolerance, justice, and truth. We must never turn a blind eye to injustice anywhere.
Because of Trump, the families of federal workers are in crisis.His offer – to pause the damage he’s doing to Dreamers and refugees – wasn’t meant to be serious, only to prop up his sagging poll numbers. A real president would end the shutdown and stop this foolishness.
The allegation that the President of the United States may have suborned perjury before our committee in an effort to curtail the investigation and cover up his business dealings with Russia is among the most serious to date. We will do what’s necessary to find out if it’s true.
The House JUST voted 362-53 to disapprove of lifting sanctions on companies tied to Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska.The sanctions were imposed last year in response to Russian malign action at home and in Ukraine. Nothing since justifies their removal.
The collusion evolution, by Rudy Giuliani:- There was no collusion.- Even if there was collusion, it‘s not a crime.- Truth isn’t truth.- It happened a long time ago.- I never said there was no collusion.- I said no collusion...with the President of the United States.
Devastated to learn of the loss of life, including U.S. servicemembers, from an ISIS attack in Northern Syria. This is a reminder of the risks our troops face every day, as well as the continuing threat from ISIS.
If Trump doesn’t understand that NATO is the most successful security alliance in history, I don’t know what it'll take to convince him.But Congress won't allow Trump to jeopardize our national security and abandon our allies through unilateral withdrawal from NATO. Not ever.
I used to joke that the best evidence the President is not an asset of the Russians is that his policies have been so pro-Russian that even the Russians would tell him, "slow down, you're being too obvious.”But the damage done to our security is no joke, and demands an answer.
Welcome to the great new Democratic Members of the House Intelligence Committee: @RepValDemings, @CongressmanRaja, @PeterWelch, and @RepSeanMaloney.I’m looking forward to working with you over the next two years.
Call me old fashioned, but America deserves an Attorney General committed to following the advice of ethics lawyers.Call me naive, but there are attorneys qualified to serve as AG who have not expressed hostility to the Mueller probe.Call me what you will, but demand better.
We need to improve our schools, with smaller classes and better resources. To every teacher on strike today, I am with you.I support United Teachers Los Angeles in their efforts to reach a comprehensive agreement for the benefit of families, teachers, and above all, our kids.
Whatever Barr’s other qualifications, there is no doubt that authoring this memo is why he was nominated. Barr knows it. Trump knows it. The Senate can’t ignore it.Promising to recuse is the only way to preserve confidence in DOJ and protect Mueller.
AI is making it disturbingly easy to create convincing fake videos, with implications for disinformation, but also harassment. Stories from women who have been targeted with degrading “deep fakes” show just some of the ways this technology can be abused:
Under Barr’s reading of the law, an obstruction case Mueller may be pursuing is “asinine.” He says results of Mueller’s report should be made public but nothing about its contents. And he has a view of presidential power that renders all of his promises moot.Senate must vote no
GOP controlled the House and Senate for two years under Trump. If the wall was such an emergency, they could have used reconciliation to pass it with 50 votes in Senate. Why didn’t they?I guess throwing millions off health care cutting corporate taxes were higher priorities.
Secretary Pompeo disputed his own State Department’s conclusion there is “no credible evidence” showing terrorists trying to enter through Southern border.I’ve requested unredacted and complete copies of the intelligence assessments. Let’s see who’s telling it straight.
Last year, we sought to obtain the interpreter’s notes or testimony, from the private meeting between Trump and Putin. The Republicans on our committee voted us down. Will they join us now? Shouldn’t we find out whether our president is really putting “America first?”
Counterintelligence concerns about those associated with the Trump campaign, including the President himself, have been at the heart of our investigation since the start.The American people need to know the President is working in our national interest, and for no other end.
Trump’s shutdown is now the longest in U.S. history. Last week, I asked that my salary go unpaid until this ends and federal workers get their checks.Hundreds of thousands of Americans are suffering. Some can’t pay their mortgage, others can’t buy groceries. This must stop.
Who could forget? At rallies you would yell, “Who’s going to pay for the wall!”And the crowd would answer, “MEXICO! ... through a renamed trade agreement that makes minor changes to trade policies that Congress will have to approve!”Get serious.
Troop withdrawal from Syria has already begun, over the objection of our military and despite John Bolton’s statements last week. The Trump Administration's foreign policy is as deeply flawed in its conception as it is dangerously incompetent in its execution.
One hundred days since the murder of #JamalKhashoggi, I will join his friends, colleagues, press freedom advocates, and Members of Congress to honor him and stand with journalists who risk their lives to provide information and promote freedom of thought worldwide.
The Trump Admin is using the courts to gut Affordable Care Act protections, including those for 133 million Americans with pre-existing conditions.Democrats just authorized the House to defend the ACA against a suit trying to undermine the law. We will protect Americans’ care.
The federal government owns more than half of the forest land in California. Punishing our residents for how they’re managed is not only wrongheaded and cruel, it’s also absurd.We will not abandon California families in their time of need.
Throughout history, presidents have used an Oval Office address to bring the country together. Tonight, Trump used it to stoke fear and division.We need to reopen the government, not charge taxpayers to build a concrete and steel monument to the President’s broken promises.
For years, a GOP-led Congress refused to stand up to the NRA and pass universal background checks.With a new Majority, this bill will now pass the House. If the Senate will not support change, then we must change the Senate. #NeverAgain
I’ve been on the Intelligence Committee for over 10 years. On terrorism and other threats, I’ve received more briefings from FBI, CIA, and DHS than I could count.How many times have any of them said we need a wall across the southern border?Zero.
We will empower voters. And how we do it is important: #HR1 will ban voter roll purging, expand automatic voter registration and early voting, end partisan gerrymandering, give public matching funds for small donors and increase disclosure. This will strengthen our democracy.
Our democracy is under assault — dark money, corrupt practices, and voter disenfranchisement.Here’s what Democrats are doing about it with #HR1:—&gt; Making it easier to vote, not throwing up roadblocks—&gt; Reforming our campaign finance system—&gt; Fighting government corruption
If Harry Truman couldn't nationalize the steel industry during wartime, President Trump certainly doesn't have the power to declare a nonexistent emergency and build a multi-billion dollar wall on the border.That's a complete nonstarter.
Which of the following is true:Mexico will pay for the wallThe trade agreement with Mexico will pay for the wallThousands of terrorists cross the border each yearTrump can build the wall by declaring a national emergencyTrump makes 15 false statements per day on average
Attention Senator McConnell: It is time to re-open the government. The House just passed funding bills the Senate already supported. Hundreds of thousands of workers are going without pay. It is time to put country over loyalty to Trump.It is time to show leadership.
Kirk, thanks for sharing Loujain and Fahad’s story with me. Devastating, and it needs to be told. They’ll be in my thoughts, and more than that, we need to put our values front and center in our foreign policy. I’ll be contacting the Saudi Ambassador about her case.
Here's what we did on our first day: ✓ Voted to reopen the government.✓ Swore in most diverse Congress ever. Here's what we're doing next: ✓ Protecting healthcare.✓ Fighting climate change.✓ Holding Trump accountable.✓ Tackling corruption.
At this critical time in our history I'm grateful for the opportunity to serve as Chairman of the Intelligence Committee. And I'm mindful of the great responsibility that goes with it.We will do our constitutional duty, and put the rule of law and our nation's security first.
For two years, the Republican Majority refused to hold the Trump Administration accountable. That ends today.We will do our jobs. We will work to raise incomes and help all families succeed. We will protect healthcare. And we will do vital oversight.Now, let's get to work.
Who needs General Mattis when you are such an accomplished student of military history?
Happy New Year! May you and your family enjoy good health and happiness this year.
What Trump said then:Mexico will pay for the wall. I promise.I am proud to shut down the government for border security.I will be the one to shut it down.What he says now:Taxpayers must pay for the wall.The Democrats own the shutdown.Promise made. Promises broken.
This is how the House Republican effort to undermine Mueller by “investigating the investigators” ends. Not with a bang, but with a Friday, buried-in-the-holidays whimper, and one foot out the door.
All government workers in the affected agencies are impacted, Mr. President. Both Democrats and Republicans. Their car payments, rent and mortgage payments, food and medicine bills do not distinguish by party. Your ill-considered shutdown hurts them all.
For the second time in as many months, a child has died in the custody of border control authorities. Felipe Gómez Alonzo was only 8 years old. We will investigate this tragic death and that of Jakelin Caal Maquin, but the Administration’s cruel border policy needs to end. Now.
To all who are celebrating today, wishing you and your family a very merry Christmas. Here’s hoping you have a safe and joyous holiday with your friends and loved ones.
I am pleased to announce that our very talented (fill in the blank) will assume the duties of the more talented (fill in the blank) until they are in turned replaced by the still less talented (fill in the blank). He will be great!
Ethics officials recommended Whitaker recuse himself from the Mueller investigation. He refused. Now any decision he makes is tainted. Attorneys must recuse themselves if there's even an appearance of conflict. Anything less jeopardizes public confidence in the rule of law.
The President of the United States should not be discussing any criminal case in which he has been implicated with the Acting Attorney General.This is wrong, unethical and eviscerates post-Watergate policy. Whitaker should not need an ethics opinion to know this is inexcusable.
Trump said Mexico would pay for the wall. He said it over and over again. He assured voters they would not be stuck with the bill. He broke that promise.When he met with Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, he said he would shut down the government.Sadly, he’s keeping that one.
Old Marines never die, but they do resign after the President ignores their advice, betrays our allies, rewards our enemies, and puts the nation’s security at risk. Turn out the lights when Mattis leaves; we will not see his like again while Trump remains in office.
Absent an iron-clad commitment to recuse himself from the Russia probe and obstruction of justice issue, this memo should disqualify Barr from consideration. Senators must not blind themselves to Trump’s illicit purpose in choosing the acting Attorney General and his replacement.
This is patently false and dangerously naive. These hostile nations are delighted by the U.S. withdrawal and betrayal of our regional partners.The rash decision, despite opposition from Mattis and others, means our allies will not trust us and our enemies will not fear us.
This ethics opinion must be shared with Congress. Now.DOJ officials must avoid not only actual impropriety but the appearance of impropriety. Given Whitaker’s prejudicial comments about Mueller, the public can have no confidence in him. We will scrutinize his every action.
After the judge acknowledged the seriousness of Flynn’s conduct, he has allowed Trump’s former National Security Advisor to defer sentencing until after he has fully cooperated with the government.It will be important that Flynn also cooperate with our Committee and testify.
The NY AG found unlawful coordination between the Trump Foundation and Trump campaign. SDNY found Individual 1 directed unlawful coordination of hush money payments. We must continue to investigate whether the campaign’s unlawful coordination extended to the Russians.
This is not who we are.
Russian efforts to manipulate Americans through social media are sophisticated, cynical, effective and very much ongoing. Russia seeks to divide us among racial, ethnic and political fault lines. Every concerned American should read these new reports:
Today, the President’s current lawyer said this of his last lawyer:He lies to fit the situation he’s in;He talked to a dozen reporters and lied and deceived them;He’s changed his story three or four times;He’s a serial liar.What about the guy that hired them both?
Trump has sought to draw a red line around his business and make it off limits to investigation. But his business was trying to curry favor with the Kremlin, and we can’t ignore that.If there is any financial compromise, it would be negligent not to investigate and expose it.
We’re going to do our job and follow the facts wherever they lead. At the end of the day, we need to know that the President of the United States is acting in the national interest and not for another purpose. That’s what the American people expect of us and what we must deliver.
Zinke HAS accomplished much:There’s the Connecticut casino matterAnd Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument issueAnd suspect land development project in Zinke's hometown of WhitefishIn fact not since Scott Pruitt has anyone done so much...to keep ethics lawyers busy.
If the Justice Department finds that a president has engaged in a conspiracy to commit illegal acts to help his campaign AND would escape justice by staying in office beyond the statute of limitations, it should allow indictment even if a trial must await the end of the term.
House GOP went to extraordinary lengths to prevent a vote to end U.S. support for a war in Yemen that is causing a humanitarian disaster. Why? Because they knew it would pass.Democrats will vote to end U.S. support for the war when we are in the Majority, only weeks from now.
Michael Cohen made the right decision to cooperate with the Special Counsel’s office. His sentencing today demonstrates that nobody is above the law.Not the personal lawyer to the President of the United States.Or the President himself.
At least 52 journalists have been murdered in 2018. This year @TIME honors reporters who fought to preserve freedom of thought. Their courage, and ultimate sacrifice, must never be forgotten.  We must support Guardians around the world and our nation's First Amendment.
Help wanted: White House Chief of Staff. No experience necessary. Must respond well to infighting, backbiting, dishonesty and dishonor.Excited by the prospect of an impossible work environment? Enjoy humiliation? Apply now! *Background check ... negotiable.
The U.S. now joins Saudi Arabia and Russia in a proposal to weaken references to a key scientific report on the severity and dire consequences of global warming.Nations, like individuals, can be measured by the company they keep.
There’s a real prospect that when Trump leaves office, he may be indicted and face the possibility of jail time. Were he not President, he may have already been charged.While ordinary Americans legally supported campaigns, Trump, like Cohen, played by a different set of rules.
William Barr is qualified, but like Whitaker, his chief appeal to Trump may be his criticism of Mueller and his receptivity to investigating POTUS’s rivals.Barr must pledge to allow Mueller’s work to continue unimpeded and to allow him to report his findings to the public.
Mueller revealed that Cohen provided info related to “core” investigative interests he obtained from contact with Trump Org executives — which could include family members — as well as info on contacts with persons connected to the White House.No wonder @POTUS has been raging.
What Trump is saying: It’s a witch hunt. We will have our own report. Mueller is bad. Comey is worse. Rosenstein is no picnic. Why don’t they go after Hillary and Brennan, anyone but me?What he means: When Mueller’s report comes, it will be bad.Why he says it: Meltdown.
The recommendation of no jail time for Flynn, apart from its obvious irony for the man who led chants of “lock her up,” reflects both the timeliness and significance of his help. That most of the details are redacted signals he has given far more than we or the President may know
Secret business dealings with the Russians. Boasts of millions from the Saudis. Americans deserve to know our President is acting in our interest, not his own financial self-interest, or because he has been compromised. Now, with a new majority in the House, we can find out.
Happy Hanukkah to all who are lighting the first candle on the menorah and making the first batch of latkes this evening. From my family to yours, wishing you a wonderful Hanukkah celebration.
At the same time candidate Trump publicly urged sanctions relief for Russia, he was privately putting together a business deal in Moscow that required lifting US sanctions. Then President Trump and his confederates misled the country about it, in a way that left him compromised.
Today, we mourn the loss of a great and decent man, father, husband and President. George H.W. Bush served in the armed forces, led our intelligence agencies and occupied the highest offices in the land. And he did so with courage, integrity and dedication to the common good.
Last year, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov claimed Cohen’s outreach on the Trump Tower Moscow deal received no response. As Cohen’s plea demonstrates, they lied. They helped Trump by providing false corroboration. This is a counterintelligence nightmare.
To help Trump, Cohen lied to Congress about Trump’s business interests in Russia. The President’s own denials during the campaign were also false or misleading, and underscore the importance of investigating any financial entanglement between Trump and Russia.
What Trump says: If Democrats play tough I will declassify “devastating documents.”What he means: If Democrats do legitimate oversight I will burn sources and allies by selectively declassifying info so my legal team can misrepresent it to the public.Why he’s doing it: Fear.
After trying to tamper with witnesses and getting caught, Manafort should have learned not to mess with Robert Mueller. Apparently he did not.
InSight has touched down on Mars! Six minutes of terror doesn’t begin to describe the entry, descent and landing sequence for the newest @NASAJPL mission. The scene in the control room was out of this world!
The President is not being honest with the country about the murder of Khashoggi. Siding with autocrats over his own intel agencies makes him weak, not strong. Allies don’t trust us and enemies don’t fear us.Is he motivated by family financial interests? Congress must find out.
Try as the Trump Administration might to bury this study on the Friday after Thanksgiving, the effects of climate change can’t be hidden. It will devastate both our planet and our economy.The U.S. needs to listen to its scientists and lead the effort to reduce global emissions.
Very thankful this Thanksgiving to be spending the day with family, including my 90 year-old father, Ed and cousins, Julia and Karen.Wishing you and your family a safe and very happy Thanksgiving.
When the President: Denigrates the independence of the judiciary,Attempts to have Justice Dept investigate his rivals,Calls the press an “enemy of the people”That’s what attacks on the rule of law look like.When Congress fights back:That is what democracy looks like.
To those who have said that Trump is committed to the rule of law, and that he would never seek to turn his personal or political animus into criminal prosecution of his opponents:He is not. And he would.We must pass legislation to protect Mueller before it’s too late.
To say “maybe he did and maybe he didn’t,” or that we are incapable of finding out the truth, or that knowing the truth our silence can be bought with arms sales, undermines the Presidency, credibility of our intelligence professionals, and our role as a champion of human rights.
Nancy Pelosi recruited me to run for Congress.Nancy Pelosi has helped me succeed in Congress.And nobody in Congress fights for our values more effectively.Nancy Pelosi has my vote for Speaker of the House.
What do these four people have in common? Admiral Bill McRavenSenator John McCainGold Star Parents Khizr and Ghazala KahnThey respect the military. They have courage. They understand sacrifice. They make us proud.
Matt Whitaker’s appointment violates the Constitution, the DOJ succession statute and the rules of ethics, since he was appointed for the express purpose of interfering with Mueller's investigation. During Watergate, Republicans defended the rule of law. Will they now?
Wow, Mr. President, that’s a good one. Was that like your answers to Mr. Mueller’s questions, or did you write this one yourself?
Waste, fraud and abuse: Don Jr. cost taxpayers nearly $100,000 for a trip to India to sell Trump properties.If the Trumps are such great business people, can’t they pay for their own marketing junkets? Do taxpayers really need to bear such costs?
Under no circumstances should the Administration extradite one U.S. resident to appease Turkey over the murder of another U.S. resident by Saudi Arabia. Nor should it be done to assist in a cover up. U.S. residents should be protected, not bartered.
Last night, Senate Republicans blocked a bill to protect Mueller. This morning, Trump showed again why we need it.  We will do everything in our power to protect the Mueller investigation, the independence of the Department of Justice, and the rule of law.
Trump and Whitaker should take note: We will protect the Special Counsel’s investigation and the independence of DOJ. Should Whitaker fail to recuse himself and seek to obstruct the investigation or interfere in any way, he will be called to answer. His actions will be exposed.
It’s my hope that President Trump will decide to work with Democrats and address the challenges facing our country. But his track record of doing so is poor, make that nonexistent. Either way, we need the best legislator and tactician we have for Speaker, and that is @NancyPelosi
Concern Trump would dispute the 2016 results if he lost was part of the reason why Obama didn’t more forcefully call out Russian meddling. These baseless charges of voter fraud demonstrate that fears Trump would undermine the democratic process for his own gain were well founded.
Our Committee has lost a family member, and a truly decent and caring man — a husband, a friend, and a dedicated public servant — Damon Nelson. Our hearts and our prayers are with his wife Dana, his family, his colleagues and all of his friends.
It’s not only that nationalism is on the rise around the globe, but also its pernicious twin, authoritarianism. From Poland to Hungary, Brazil to the Philippines, liberal democracy is being challenged everywhere and America must rise to its defense. We must be freedom’s champion.
On Veteran’s Day we honor the men and women who have served our country, and recognize the great debt we owe them that can never be fully repaid. Thank you to all of our veterans, and a very special thank you to my favorite veteran, my father, who served in the Army.
If Whitaker doesn't recuse himself and has any involvement in Mueller's probe, we will expose it, including whether he made any commitments to Trump, is serving as a back channel, or interfering in the probe.He will be held accountable. There must be no ambiguity about that.
I don’t expect anything better from Trump, but this threat, issued as people are literally fleeing for their lives, cannot go unanswered.For those of you in the path of the fires or who have lost loved ones or your homes, we will be there for you. Even if our President is not.
The appointment of Whitaker as Acting AG, someone with a history of attacks on Mueller, is a transparent effort to interfere with the impartial administration of justice.Take notice: We will expose any effort to obstruct justice, and people will be held accountable.
I don’t have the words to describe the horror of a young man who survived the worst mass shooting in American history in Las Vegas to die in yet another mass shooting a year later.No other country allows this.We will pass gun violence prevention legislation.
Acting AG Whitaker’s relationship with Sam Clovis, an important witness in the Russia probe, and his past prejudicial comments about the investigation warrant his recusal. Congress must determine whether Whitaker made any promises to Trump about his recusal or impeding Mueller.
The mass shooting in Thousand Oaks is horrific, and all too familiar. Once again we are devastated by the loss of life. And we are grateful to the first responders, one of whom lost his life. Our response must not be familiar. We must do something about gun violence. We must ACT.
President Trump just removed Jeff Sessions. He wants an Attorney General to serve his interest, not the public.Mueller's investigation and the independence of the DOJ must be protected. Whitaker and any nominee must commit to doing both. We will protect the rule of law.
We have been given a great responsibility. We must use it to govern wisely and put forward a positive agenda for the country. We must restore Congress as a co-equal branch of government and do vital oversight. That’s a lot to accomplish. So let’s get to work.
No matter who you support, don’t take your right to vote for granted. Your voice matters, make sure it’s heard. If you need help finding your polling place or voting, visit
Less than a week after the most devastating anti-Semitic attack in American history, it was moving to attend Shabbat with members of our community at Temple Sinai Glendale tonight. We must repudiate violence and hatred, and come together to combat anti-Semitism. #ShowUpForShabbat
This is what happens when you abdicate leadership of the free world. Not to mention basic decency.
Sending troops to the border as a political stunt. Promising to amend the constitution by executive order. Stoking bigotry after a mass shooting motivated by bigotry. I said Trump was the worst President in modern history and I was wrong — when I said modern.
RT @BarackObama: Speaking of preexisting conditions, open enrollment starts today. If you or someone you know needs health care, visit
Literally nobody believes this. You held a rally at the White House to celebrate the passage of a bill taking away protections for those with pre-existing conditions.
Update from the swamp: Not drained, but referred to Justice Department for further investigation.
Congratulations @RepJoeKennedy on the Red Sox win. Looks like sushi dinner will be on me. Crustaceans are overrated anyway. To the boys in blue, thank you for an incredible season. You make LA proud, @Dodgers. #LADetermined
I don’t often quote Fox News, but Shep Smith has it right: A dwindling group of refugees and migrants a thousand miles away is not a crisis. We have laws to deal with it.Hyping this threat has nothing to do with national security — it’s only the worst kind of political stunt.
Just days after a gunman murdered 11 Jews worshiping in synagogue explicitly because he believed anti-Semitic conspiracy theories about refugees, the President is once again fanning the flames of fear and hatred. It’s all he knows how to do.He cannot be better so it’s up to us.
The gunman is responsible for mass murder. He alone pulls the trigger.But we create the atmosphere in which the gunman acts, and no one sets the tone more than @POTUS. It’s not enough to say the right words now if he preaches hatred and division every other day of the year.
It’s not too soon to say I’m horrified those worshipping at a synagogue were targeted and murdered. It’s not too soon to say we’re grateful for the first responders who risked their lives. And it’s not too soon to say that it’s in our power to take action against gun violence.
You say there are good people on both sides of a neo-Nazi rally.Suggest that immigrants are all murders, rapists and gang members.Praise a politician who assaulted a reporter.And it’s CNN’s fault someone sent them a bomb?We know you have no decency, but have you no shame?
Mail bombs. Death threats. Political shootings. The proliferation of violence has many causes, but we cannot discount the effect of hate-filled speech and the bile-filled pollution of our civil discourse. There is a hunger for a return to decency. And a profound need.
Yes, I was being sarcastic, but if my previous tweet was too convoluted let me be crystal clear:These are but a few of the most egregious lies being told about those fleeing violence and risking everything to seek a better life. Trump merely seeks to exploit their desperation.
Ok, @RepJoeKennedy it’s on. It’s Bean Town vs LA LA Land. If the Sox prevail, sushi is on me. If the Dodgers win, lobster is on you.It’s been 30 years since the Dodgers last won, but the drought is over. Get the pot boiling because it’s going to lobstahs galore! #WorldSeries
In Helsinki, Trump questioned Russia’s interference in 2016. Now, in Moscow, days after a Russian was indicted for TRYING TO INTERFERE IN THE MIDTERMS, John Bolton says their prior interference made little difference.The surrender tour continues, full steam ahead.
Social conservatives hope to advance their agenda by redefining transgender people out of existence, and they are using the power of the state to do so.It is immoral, anti-scientific and doomed to fail. People are who they are, and no administrative edict can change that.
