Thank you to the local @DAVHQ members in Pollock for inviting me to today’s Vietnam memorial dedication. We will never forget our Vietnam vets and their service to our nation. #LA05
Congratulations to Sgt. Horn of @AlexLAPolice on receiving the Beyond the Badge “Heart of Law Enforcement” award. We have outstanding, hardworking officers in #LA05 I’m glad to see Sgt. Horn getting the recognition he deserves. Thank you for all you do!
I voted against #HR1, the Democratic Politician Protection Act. My full statement is below. In short, this bill was #ForthePoliticians, not #ForThePeople.
Bigotry hatred have no place in our discourse, just as anti-Semite @Ilhan has no place serving on @HouseForeign. I voted to condemn the anti-Semitism she has repeatedly espoused, but this bill should have specifically denounced her statements removed her from the committee.
Congratulations to my friend Dr. John Fleming on his confirmation today. I served with John in Congress and know he will do an outstanding job in this new role in President Trump's admin to help further the economic growth that we've seen under our President's leadership.
Gianna, Melissa, Claire, Nik Josiah survived abortions, their stories are examples of the potential each life has – potential dignity that's stripped away by abortion. When babies survive abortion, they should be treated with the same care that any other baby would receive.
This week, Dems are pushing H.R. 1 - the Democrat Politician Protection Act.  This bill is full of fraud, abuse misuse of Louisianans taxes, and puts the integrity of our elections at risk. It takes away responsibilities from the states and puts it in the hands of bureaucrats.
Congratulations to my good friend @repdonyoung on becoming the longest serving Republican member of the House. Your colleagues in Congress are grateful for service and tenure!
Doctors like me vow to do no harm. @AmerMedicalAssn is failing to live up to that standard by joining @PPFA to sue @realDonaldTrump over new #TitleX rule. AMA doesn't speak for all doctors because most of us want to save lives, not kill babies. #ProLife
My staff and I had a great meeting yesterday with Dr. Ray Morrison, the new dean of the future osteopathic school of medicine at @ULM_Official. I'm excited for the impact this school will have on Louisiana. #LA05
This Ash Wednesday, I wish all our Catholic brothers and sisters a reflective, joyful Lent season.
Veteran suicide is a national tragedy that takes too many of our heroes from us too soon. Thank you to @POTUS for taking these steps to ensure every veteran receives the care they need when they return home.
Happy Mardi Gras! No matter what corner of Louisiana you call home, be safe and have fun!
Thanks to the @CivilAirPatrol for my promotion and for allowing me to participate in some of the wonderful work that this organization does throughout our country. #LA05
Thank you to the first and second grade classes at Opelousas Catholic School for their kind notes they sent to my office! It’s not every day Congress gets such nice mail with great drawings.
I’ve been fortunate to volunteer for @Pilots4Patients for years. I’m proud to represent the district where it started, but I’m even more proud of the lives that these pilots have saved.
Green New Disaster is right. Democrats proposed ideas in the #GreenNewDeal would be an absolute disaster for Louisiana, especially to our communities built around the energy industry that is so important to our economy.
More than 250,000 veterans call Louisiana home. I voted to pass the #VAMissionAct so that our nation’s heroes can get the care they deserved. By streamlining programs and cutting red tape, the VA Mission Act put our veterans first and bureaucracy last.
ICYMI Senate Dems voted against giving abortion surviving babies medical care. My stance is clear: failing to provide care to a child born alive is infanticide. I cosponsored the House bill joined @SteveScalise @RepAnnWagner's effort for a a floor vote
Awesome impromptu performance from the Neville High School Bengal Belles on the @TODAYshow! Glad to see they showed the Big Apple how it’s done in Monroe.
Enjoyed meeting with Louisiana members of Disabled Veterans of America (@DAVHQ) today. Thank you for your sacrifice and your service to our nation! #LA05
Great evening last night in Pineville with some of @LaFarmBureau's True Blue farmers. Thanks for all you do for #Louisiana agriculture! #LA05
Couldn’t have said it better myself! Louisiana crawfish is one of a kind, world delicacy and I’m glad to welcome the return of crawfish boil season.
"‘Make sure they know I am not a hero,' said the straight-faced Purple Heart recipient as we wrap the interview." Mr. Noss, that’s where I think you’re wrong – you ARE a hero and I’m honored to serve you in Congress!
Millie's story shows that no one is immune to the opioid epidemic. Families like the Harveys are why the House passed H.R. 6 last session, the SUPPORT Act, which provided millions of dollars in funding to Louisiana to address this crisis.
On this date in 1945, U.S. Marines planted the victory flag on Iwo Jima. That image remains a powerful symbol of American courage and resolve.
It’s National #EngineerWeek and some of the biggest advancements in the field are happening right in Louisiana at @LSU. I always enjoy seeing students (especially from my alma mater) pushing the envelopes of their industries. #GeauxTigers
Congratulations to Richard Costello from Oak Grove, on being named the 2018 Rice Consultant of the Year. Mr. Costello said it best when he said “If our farmers don’t make it at the end of the day, then we are not going to make it at the end of the day.”
Yet another story that validates @POTUS's national emergency declaration. In the latest caravan headed for our borders, there were at least 25 dangerous criminals. Walls work and had they reached our borders, walls would’ve kept them out.
It’s National FFA Week! As a former member, I know that the future of agriculture is bright because of how this great organization is growing tomorrow’s ag leaders.
Congratulations to the @ULMHawkeyestaff! The Hawkeye was recently named the Best College Newspaper at the Southeast Journalism Conference. This type of achievement is not accomplished without countless hours of hard work and dedication across the staff.
Rural broadband has always been a priority for me which is why I’ve supported including millions of dollars in funding for this initiative in the 2018 Farm Bill other bills. I look forward to working more in Congress and @POTUS to make this a reality.
“If the Green New Deal becomes a reality, the urban–rural divide will only grow more stark. And rural Americans will be among those paying the highest prices.”
If we don’t stand for life, who will? While other states’ leaders have vocalized support for aborting babies, even if they are born alive, I’m proud to walk with my fellow Louisianans to defend the sanctity of life and protect the unborn.
Anyone who thinks our crisis at the border is “manufactured” should hear from Angel families around the country – those lost someone at the hands of criminals who were here illegally.
“Republican Rep. Ralph Abraham isn't going to wait for the deadly, so-called ’zombie’ deer disease to spread to his home state of #Louisiana before taking action.” #LA05
Thank you to @WashTimes for allowing @SenJohnKennedy, @RepMikeJohnson, @SenBillCassidy and me to author a column highlighting how Louisiana’s Cyber Corridor has quickly become a hub for cybersecurity education and jobs.
I’m thankful to have @SecretarySonny’s support on my recent soybean bill. The legislation I am introducing allows MFP payments to apply to planted acres instead of harvested ones.
This week, we salute the more than 9 million veterans currently receiving care from the @DeptVetAffairs. Our heroes deserve the top level of care and I will continue to work to improve the VA and the care veterans receive at home.
If President Trump needs to declare a #NationalEmergency to keep out the drugs and gangs, so be it because it's pretty clear that Democrats' only goal is to score political points with their radical open-borders base, even if it means sacrificing national security. #LA05
I voted NO. This bill limits the number of illegal immigrants we can detain falls well short of adequate funding for a border wall. I couldn't vote for something that's going to dictate to the President whether or not he can protect our borders and keep our country safe. #LA05
As a pilot, I’ve seen firsthand – from the cockpit – how aviation connects us to each other. Whether it’s flying from one coast to another, to quickly transporting a patient to lifesaving care, I don’t want to envision an America without air travel. #KeepOurPlanes #GreenNewDeal
I couldn’t agree more with my colleague and fellow doctor in Congress, @RogerMarshallMD. I’ve spent my entire career protecting life and will continue to do so in Congress by supporting the Born Alive Protection Act and other pro-life legislation.
The #GreenNewDeal is a socialist’s wish list. It focuses less on the environment and more on progressive, leftist ideals under the disguise of creating a greener America. This bill is a true look at the shallow priorities Democrats have in Congress.
Happy birthday to one of America’s greatest leaders, President Lincoln, who would have been 210 years old today.
.@NationalSheriff and @MCSheriffs have called the Dem detention bed cap dangerous, hindering to our law enforcement and a risk to national security. We need a border solution that provides ICE law enforcement with full resources to keep our citizens safe
Agreed. Her anti-Semetic views should be completely unwelcome on the Foreign Affairs Committee. That isn't what America stands for.
Babies who survive abortions deserve medical care and the chance to live. I'm proud to be an original cosponsor of the Born Alive Survivor Protection Act, and I'm pledging my support for @SteveScalise and @RepAnnWagner's effort to force a vote on this bill. #PreauxLife
RT @TheTRCP: Thank you @repabraham and @repveasey for introducing legislation to help combat the spread of #chronicwastingdisease among dee…
My statement on @realDonaldTrump’s State of the Union #SOTU
One of the best lines of the night from @realDonaldTrump, “Walls work, walls save lives.” #BuildTheWall #SOTU
As a member of @HASCRepublicans I was proud to answer President Trump’s call to rebuild our military and support our nation’s heroes, including giving our military well-deserved pay raise.
Glad to see @realDonaldTrump pushing back on this lurch toward socialism by a disturbing number of Democrats. “We were born free, we will die free.” #SOTU
“Let us work together to build a culture that cherishes innocent life.  And let us reaffirm a fundamental truth: all children - born and unborn - are made in the holy image of God.” Right on, Mr. President. I promise to always be an active, clear voice for life #SOTU #PreauxLife
I’m looking forward to having President Trump address Congress and the rest of the country tonight at the State of the Union. The first two years of the Trump Administration have been very successful and I’m eager to hear what he envisions for the future. #SOTU
This week, I’m proud to support National School Choice Week. School choice is vital to ensuring students succeed both in out of the classroom. #LA05 students parents deserve choices when it comes to education, one that fits them best and is free from government control.
Today we celebrate the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and his efforts to make our country a better place for everyone.
As a doctor, I've spent my career protecting life. Today, I stand with the millions of Americans throughout the country who advocate for pro-life policies and defend the unborn.
Great to meet some seniors from Opelousas Catholic School and Schools of the Sacred Heart this morning, who are here for the March for Life later this week. I’m proud to see the next generation of Louisianans defending the unborn and advocating for life in our nation’s capital.
RT @SteveScalise: Glad to see the steel slats are deterring illegal immigrants from attempting to cross the border exactly as @realDonaldTr…
Today on #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay, I want to thank all the officers who work diligently and tirelessly to protect our communities. Your sacrifices and service are never forgotten, and I am grateful for the work you do every day.
RT @SteveScalise: Hi @AOC. Happy to continue this debate on the Floor of the People’s House, but it’s clearly not productive to engage here…
My heart is so heavy tonight. Dianne and I are praying for the families, victims and Avoyelles House of Mercy church family tonight as we grieve for those lost in the terrible accident in Florida. The community is gathering for a service at the Marksville fb field at 5:30 Monday.
Just sent out my first newsletter of the 116th Congress with updates on the government shutdown and funding for the border wall. If you’d like to receive updates from my office on issues facing Congress, head to my website and subscribe to my newsletter.
First day on the job and Democrats propose a funding bill that lacks border security AND expands abortion services around the world. I want to see the government re-opened but not on these terms.
Today I announced #LA05's Congressional App Challenge winner: Hurricane Wyatt by Garrett, Wyatt Zachary, 3 students at Delhi Charter School. Computer science programming skills are increasingly important for our world I’m proud to see such skills being fostered in #LA05.
Merry Christmas from my family to yours! I hope the holiday season and new year are full of joy and time spent with loved ones.
I voted to fund the wall bc it is vital to national security to stop illegal immigrants, drugs, human traffickers terrorists. People have demanded it, Republicans are working w/ President Trump to deliver it. I urge the Senate to vote secure our border keep government open.
RT @GregHilburn1: BREAKING: @realDonaldTrump signs Farm Bill, gives @RepAbraham shoutout #lagov #la05 via @thenewss…
The Steve Gleason Congressional Gold Medal Act PASSED in the House today. Steve Gleason has been a tireless advocate for ALS and his grit and determination inspire so many around Louisiana and America. #HonorGleason @TeamGleason
“Democrats feign concern for taxpayers who would pick up the tab, but a glance at the costs of illegal immigration demonstrates that the nation can hardly afford not to build it.”
Americans have wanted stronger border security and the wall for years now. It’s time for Democrats to acknowledge this and come to the table on a funding agreement.
Very glad to see our local veterans getting the honors they deserve. Thank you for your service, Dr. Hyatt!
Last week @USDA announced the new reConnect program, which will bring $600 million to rural communities for broadband services. High-speed internet is now critical to economic prosperity I look forward to communities in Louisiana benefiting from this program.
Democrats have steadfastly opposed every effort we’ve tried over the last year to better secure our border their complete unwillingness to compromise has certainly contributed to this situation. I’m willing to find common ground but I want wall money.
Happy 382nd birthday to the @USNationalGuard! As America's first responders, the National Guard plays a critical role in ensuring our country's safety. I am thankful for my time in the Army National Guard and feel fortunate to have served in one of our oldest branches of service.
This big news. I’m sure this is the first of many more to come. #LA05
Today, I voted for, and the House passed, the #2018FarmBill, providing the farmers with the certainty they need to plan for the future. I’m glad to see it finally heading to @POTUS’s desk.
Louisiana farmers, ranchers and foresters deserve the stability and strong safety net the Farm Bill provides. This is a good bill, and that’s why farmers across the country will celebrate its passage. #FarmBill
We had some special visitors up in the DC office this week! It was great to spend time with my grandkids in between votes and meetings. They sure have gotten a front row seat to learning the legislative process.
Obama’s #WOTUS simply went too far - a puddle that might run into a ditch that then might run into a stream is by no means a navigable waterway shouldn't be treated as such. I’m still reviewing the new rule but I’m pleased with what I’ve seen so far.
This Christmas many members of our military will spend the holidays away from their families. I joined the @redcross to write cards to our troops overseas expressing my continued appreciation for their sacrifice service. Let’s keep them their families in our prayers all year
This morning I signed the #FarmBill Conference Report which we’ll vote on in the House this week. The #FarmBill provides critical support for policy programs our farmers rely on we must not leave Congress w/out giving our farmers the certainty they need to plan for the future
Today, we remember the men and women who lost their lives during the attack on #PearlHarbor. Dec. 7 is a date that will always live in infamy and we use this anniversary to renew our dedication to our Armed Forces who protect us every day.
I wanted to share this heartwarming story with you about how one of my staffers, Michael, is honoring his sister’s memory. He’s been working on this for a long time, and today he will cross mile 100. #LA05
President Trump negotiated a “ceasefire” w/ China on trade. Initial reports say that agreement included a commitment from China to buy more American ag commodities energy. Very encouraging signs welcomed news for our farmers, who have been patriots during these negotiations.
Great visit w/ @CAPNationalCC Maj. Gen. Mark Smith. I'm proud to be a part of the Civil Air Patrol because it gives back to the nation by conducting search and rescue missions, providing youth development with the Cadet Program, and engaging in aerospace education. #LA05
My bill ensures that the USDA will be able to honor its commitment to have our farmers' backs during these trade negotiations. Congress should do the right thing by these hard-working farmers and pass this bill. #LA05
It’s a great day to lock up a bowl bid. Let’s go Warhawks! #TalonsOut
It’s cold, but we’re going to find the perfect Christmas tree. Happy Thanksgiving!
My grandson joined me today in Franklinton for the “Wall That Heals” candlelight vigil to honor those who died in the Vietnam War. It’s important to me that he grows up respecting our veterans and that he knows we wouldn’t have the freedoms we enjoy today without them. #LA05
Since Louis Farrakhan seems so comfortable chanting "Death to America," I'm offering him a one-way ticket to Tehran where he'll feel more at home. His hateful calls to kill Jewish people and his rants against the United States and Israel have no place in American discourse.
Dianne and I were thrilled to join my granddaughter’s kindergarten class today. Dianne read “House Mouse, Senate Mouse” to introduce them to how our system of government works. #LA05
Today is the day! #GeauxTigers
RT @tmcclelland: Incredibly grateful to give the game ball this past Saturday to Colonel (Dr.) Chris Hudson, Commandor of the 2d Medical Gr…
RT @nfib_la: Thank you to our Guardians of Small Business @BillCassidy @JohnKennedyLA @SteveScalise @RepGarretGraves @RepAbraham @RepMikeJo…
RT @ScottFranklinJr: Incredible tour of the Iraq rice shipment out of Lake Charles.  @RepAbraham wanted to get a first hand look at his har…
Great seeing my friends @RepMikeJohnson and his wife Kelly and Tech XXII at @LATech homecoming today. #HBTD #LA05
Democrats want to abolish ICE, but I like that these agents are taking dangerous child predators off of Louisiana streets. #LA05
Thanks Gen. Frank for inviting me to participate in the 100th Anniversary Ceremony of the 115th Combat Support Hospital at Camp Beauregard. CSH is training to build tent hospitals during war. Thanks to these soldiers for all they do for our country their fellow troops. #LA05
#LA05 is the largest recipient ($1.12 million) of a wave of investments from the Delta Regional Authority to train new workers and make infrastructure enhancements in 8 projects in Ouachita, Rapides, Lincoln, La Salle, Concordia and East Carroll
.@4H Clubs help our kids grow as people and learn that it's never too soon to give back to your community. During #National4HWeek, we celebrate this great organization that has been shaping lives for 116 years, mine included. #LA05
Back on the ground after penetrating the eye of Hurricane Michael with the @NOAA_HurrHunter team. What a great group of pilots and professionals that help save thousands of lives. #LA05
.@nikkihaley has been outstanding representing the US advancing President Trump's "America First" foreign policy. She will be greatly missed. As we consider her replacement, @RepRussell has served in uniform, knows the issues would be a strong voice for American interests.
Huge congrats to @LaTech student Mason Andrews (@ATWin40days) for becoming the youngest person to ever fly solo around the world! Welcome home! You make #la05 proud. #HBTD #EverLoyalBe
RT @usaricenews: US rice sale of 90k MT to Iraq is a shot in the arm, thanks to @SecretarySonny @StateDept @RepAbraham @RepRickCrawford @Re…
This weekend, we remember honor firefighters across the country who have fallen in the line of duty. These folks run toward the fire when the rest of us run the other way. I'll always support our first-responders and am thankful for the work they do everyday in our communities.
Tomorrow is Bring Your Bible to School Day and I encourage every Christian student in Louisiana to participate. Religious freedom is never something to take for granted and tomorrow is a great opportunity to express your faith in the classroom.
Throughout October, Americans will don the color pink to show support for breast cancer survivors. As a doctor, I've seen the devastating effects cancer can have on women their families. I will be praying for breast cancer survivors, patients their families all month long.
Today we honor Gold Star Mothers across the nation. I'm thankful for their strength and the strength of every military family who sends children, brothers and sisters, to war for our country.
Senate Democrat - the only job in America where you can get mad and walk out of work without being fired. The nation deserves better than their temper tantrums and political grandstanding. #LA05 #ConfirmKavanaugh
I make decisions based on evidence data. Nothing today came close to proving the allegations against Brett Kavanaugh. Terrible that his reputation has been stained by this smear campaign by Democrats. He is exceptionally qualified for SCOTUS Senate should confirm him #LA05
September is #NationalRiceMonth and very few places in the world take rice as seriously as #Louisiana. Today I spoke on the House floor about the important role rice plays, nutritionally and economically, to our state, country and around the world. #ThinkRice #LA05
2) deficits grow, and the House goes along with all of it. Congress once again kicked the can down the road by passing another catch-all bill full of bloated spending instead of hearing individual agency bills separately. People are fed up with it, and so I am. #LA05
1) I voted NO on this latest spending bill. It’s like ‘Groundhog Day’ around here: The Senate drags its feet on appropriations bills, Democrats demand more domestic spending in exchange for votes, conservative priorities like defunding Planned Parenthood fall by the wayside,
RT @15thSMA: Thank you to @RepAbraham your staff for the opportunity to do some great PT with #Soldiers discuss issues affecting our @U…
I called on the FDA to cancel a contract w/ a company that bought human fetal tissue from abortion clinics sold body parts at a profit. That contract is no more. Taxpayers should not be expected to fund such a disgusting and immoral enterprise
Retired Marine Lt. Col. Robert Miller of Bogalusa served in 3 wars, earned 2 Purple Hearts, and came home to continue to give back to the community and mentor youth. Thank you for your service to the US and #Louisiana! You make #LA05 proud.
Excited to announce that @ULM_Official received $353,000 in federal funds to study obesity diabetes treatments. La has some of the highest rates of these conditions in US, and I'm excited ULM will be a leader in finding better ways to treat them. #LA05
Outside of my D.C. office, the POW-MIA flag stands beside the Louisiana U.S. flags as a reminder of American POWs soldiers still unaccounted for. On #POWMIARecognitionDay, I pay tribute to their sacrifices continue the charge of bringing home the remains of fallen soldiers.
I spoke with @KALBtv5 about Kavanaugh, his accuser. Both should testify so we can gauge the credibility of these claims and determine the best path forward. Regardless, it's disappointing Democrats held these accusations until 11th to play politics with our Supreme Court #LA05
RT @DeptofDefense: Today marks 71 years of #AirForce strength in the skies. Happy Birthday to the @USAirForce. #AFBday #AF71
RT @StevenMaxwellTV: Big show lined up for you tonight at 6 p.m.!@ShermanDesselle will be live from the 1st Alexandria Mayoral Debate.@…
"They run into the fire, they run toward the fire, when the rest of us would run the other way,” said Rep. Ralph Abraham. “So what makes that particular person do that? Well they just believe in a purpose. So it's a hard felt profession and a passion."
"Our law enforcement officers do so much to keep our communities safe, so it's important that they have the resources they need to keep up their good work. I appreciate Sec. Perdue the USDA for awarding these funds to West Carroll Washington Parishes."
What a game! #GeauxTigers!
Spent the morning on a five mile run with @USArmy sergeant majors. Thanks for the honor of letting me tag along! #LA05
On 9/11, we remember the victims of the terrible attack that senselessly claimed so many American lives. We must always stand up against terrorists to keep history from repeating itself. Thanks to our great military, LEOs and first responders who keep us safe every day. #LA05
ICYMI: West Monroe is getting a huge $1 million federal grant for an infrastructure project that will lead to more economic development and more jobs. #LA05
RT @usaricenews: #2018FarmBill countdown is on: just 10 legislative days remain w/House Senate both in session before September 30 deadli…
Mr. Poole tried for 50 yrs to get his medals, and I'm proud we could finally get him the recognition he earned defending our nation. If you or a loved one have a veteran-related issue, please call us at any of our 3 district offices, and we'll try to help you out, too. #LA05
If you're an able-bodied adult who isn't taking care of a small child, all we're asking is that you work, go to school, train for a job or volunteer for 20 hours a week to keep your SNAP benefits. Meet the taxpayers halfway; it's a reasonable request. #LA05
Tune into @talk1073 now to hear my thoughts on immigration reform. #LA05
RT @HouseAgNews: .@RepAbraham: Crop insurance must remain available and affordable for all our farmers as it provides a reliable safety net…
We’re asking that adults who don't have mental/physical disability or small children to meet the taxpayer halfway by working, going to school or volunteering for 20 hours a week. It’s a reasonable request that gets people to work away from welfare. #LA05
Despite near record-high labor demands, places like California are using loopholes to allow 800,000 able-bodied adult SNAP recipients on the program and out of the workforce. It's time to reform SNAP, and we can do that with the #2018FarmBill #LA05
Brett Kavanaugh is extremely well-qualified and will be a strong conservative voice on the #SCOTUS who will interpret the Constitution as it was written. President Trump made an outstanding pick, and the Senate should #ConfirmKavanaugh #LA05
That Nike would side with a man who so blatantly disrespects our nation and flag shows it has no idea what true sacrifice is, and its latest ad is a slap in the face to every man and woman who has worn the uniform to defend our freedom. #LA05
Millions of American soldiers believed in our country so much that they literally sacrificed everything for it. They laid down their lives so that Nike could build a global brand and make billions of dollars. They died so that Colin Kaepernick could make millions playing a game.
Just a little update from the cockpit #LA05
China cheats the market, but the US if finally standing up to them. They have wrongfully targeted our farmers with illegal retaliatory tariffs. The Trump administration has kept its word to our farmers that they won't shoulder the full weight of this trade war alone. #LA05
Hurricane Katrina made landfall in Louisiana 13 years ago today. The storm tested us like we'd never been tested before, but it also allowed us to show the world how resilient the people of Louisiana are and prove that nothing can keep good people down.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Our new Trade Deal with Mexico focuses on FARMERS, GROWTH for our country, tearing down TRADE BARRIERS, JOBS and havin…
Consumer Confidence is not only higher than before the recession, its higher than it was before 9/11. This is yet another sign that our economy is booming because of the policies of this Republican Congress and President Trump. #LA05
I'll be on the radio with Moon Griffon at 10:05 a.m. CT today. You can listen live here: #LA05
#Louisiana exported $7.4 billion in ag, oil gas products in 2017 to Mexico, our state’s 2nd largest export market. It’s a critically important relationship to LA economy. I’m encouraged that we might have an even better trade deal. Looking forward to learning more details #LA05
Congratulations to Ben Orlando from Monroe, on being named Pharmacist of the Year by @LA_Pharmacists! Ben is a great example of the hard-working folks we have down in #LA05.
Welcome home to Gen. Timothy Ray and his family! I am looking forward to leadership Gen. Ray brings to AFGSC and the Barksdale Air Force Base.
Severe weather can develop without warning. @ULM_Official is studying ways we can detect these storms faster and more accurately, and I am pleased that these federal funds will be used to help ULM with its mission of making #Louisiana a safer place. #LA05
ICYMI: Iraq will buy 15,000 tons of American rice in a huge deal that will benefit #Louisiana farmers. #LA05
Iraq will purchase 15,000 tons of rice from the USA. I was proud to be an advocate for this deal because any time we can sell our commodities - especially ones that #Louisiana produces a lot of - in huge deals like these, it's a good day.
Thanks to tax reform, over 4,000 Louisiana small business owners are more optimistic than ever! I have a feeling we’ll continue to see positive results from tax cuts for years to come.
When Vidalia Denim Syrah Technology come to these cities, what they are going to find is a community that wraps their arms around them and workers who show up on time and do the job and do it again day after day after day.
The Farm Bill is the single most important piece of legislation for agriculture. We must pass this on time for our farmers.
The work they do at @FourchonPort is really incredible. The port services over 90% of off-shore rigs and is a critical piece of the #Louisiana economy.
Great meeting @TimBrando tonight at the @ULM_Official Pursuit. #TalonsOut #LA05
Thanks to the folks at the  @LSUAgCenter Rice Research Station for the discussion on the rice industry in #Louisiana, one of the top rice-producing stations in the nation.
Great turnout this morning at the @CenturyLink employee meeting. Thanks to everyone who came out for our discussion. #LA05
Kudos to my friend @SenBillCassidy on his co-piloting skills. I’ll have him doing barrel rolls in no time.
Congratulations to Principal McMullen-Dunn, from East Feliciana High, on being named Louisiana’s High School Principal of the Year! #LA05 is lucky to have her, and many educators like her, teaching our kids. #BackToSchool 
.@PBS came down to Mansura to highlight the Cochon de Lait Festival, one of the great traditions of #LA05. Fair warning before you watch: You'll be hungry at the end of the video!
Thanks to all the hard-working folks at Hexion in Alexandria for teaching me about their chemical plant yesterday.
RT @USCG: Today we celebrate our 228th birthday! #CG228 #AlwaysReady
As a #FarmBill2018 conference committee member, this is one of my top priorities. I supported the House bill that included these work requirements, and they should be in the final version of the Farm Bill. #LA05
American Pastor Andrew Brunson is being wrongfully detained by Turkey and denied legal counsel. We must protect our citizens and Christian missionaries serving abroad. Turkey must release Pastor Brunson or face sanctions. #LA05
RT @GNOchair: The @GNOinc region includes 10 parishes. Our last meeting of the day was a delightful sit-down with @RepAbraham who represent…
Great story on @LATech students James Jacob who spent the summer kayaking down the Mississippi River. Jacob was a great intern in my DC office, so I’m not surprised he tackled this challenge! Welcome back to #Louisiana and congratulations River Dawgs!
The House passed the final version of the National Defense Authorization Act w/ overwhelming bipartisan support. It has tens of millions of dollars that will benefit Louisiana military bases the troops who serve there. #LA05
The European Union has committed to import more soybeans and more LNG from the United States. This is outstanding news that can directly benefit Louisiana. #LA05
The #NFIP provides support to thousands in Louisiana during times of disaster. Failure to reauthorize the program is simply not an option. #LA05
I really enjoyed discussing the future of #agriculture with the @LouisianaFFA state officers this morning. I was once a member of @NationalFFA; it remains a terrific organization for preparing the next generation of farmers. #LA05
Looking forward to working w/ Chairman @ConawayTX11 and our conferees to get the best Farm Bill possible for our farmers, ranchers and foresters. #LA05
RT @GregHilburn1: Huge news for La. agriculture. @RepAbraham to craft final Farm Bill language #lalege #lagov #la05
Serving on the Farm Bill Conference Committee is a responsibility I do not take lightly. #Agriculture is vital to Louisiana's economy, and I'm confident we will have a final bill that provides strong support for our farmers, ranchers and foresters #LA05
I #StandWithICE but why don't the 133 Democrats who refused to vote on the resolution? They put their radical voter base ahead of the agents who keep drugs, terrorists, human traffickers gang members out of the US. For me, national security before open borders - ALWAYS. #LA05
President Trump is an expert negotiator who keeps his cards close. I am confident the United States will be as successful in confronting Russian aggression as we have been in negotiations with other foreign leaders.
The Left still cannot get over the fact that Donald Trump is the President, and that’s why they’re desperate to keep pushing this bogus collusion narrative (even while they turned a blind eye to Obama’s weakness that allowed Russia to invade Crimea).
It is known that the Russians have always tried to meddle in American affairs, but nothing they did affected the outcome of the last presidential race. They didn’t change a single vote, and President Trump won in a landslide.
Thanks to @HHSGov Sec. Alex Azar for meeting with the Doctors Caucus last week about ways Congress can work the administration to improve health care. #LA05
Chronic Wasting Disease could have devastating effects on #Louisiana deer populations and, possibly, other mammals. The best hope we have for controlling CWD begins with understanding how it spreads. We don’t have that right now. #LA05
As usual, @TGowdySC hits the nail right on the head. Strzok and the bias he inserted into his job is an insult to every FBI agent who works to find the truth, not bend the agency for their own political beliefs.
Tons of agriculture products are processed at the Lake Providence Port, shipped down river and out to a global market place. Those things can’t happen if ships can’t move through a blocked port, and that’s why these dredging funds are so critical #LA05
On this day I thank our troops for allowing us to have Independence Day. The Founding Fathers' Vision is what made America the greatest nation in the world. Let's continue to Make America Great Again! God Bless the USA! #LA05
I had a great meeting yesterday in Hammond w/ the men women of the U.S. Customs Border Protection Air Marine Operations unit. They do a tremendous job protecting Louisiana and the Gulf Coast. Thank you for all for the great visit and for your service to the United States!
Congratulations to newly sworn-in Mayor Staci Albritton Mitchell. I look forward to working with her for the benefit of West Monroe and our district.
DOJ should respect the laws of this land Congress’ Constitutional oversight authority. This has been going on for far too long. The American people deserve answers. It’s time for the DOJ to pony up these documents and comply with these subpoenas #LA05
Great hosting our 2018 Art Competition winner Shelby Cumpton from Quitman High. Her dad Keith, an @LAStatePolice trooper, inspired her painting "Thin Blue Line." It will hang in the US Capitol remind us of the sacrifices our LEOs their families make for our communities. #LA05
The House should focus on winning enough votes to pass the original Goodlatte-McCaul bill that accomplished everything that we as conservatives want: building a border wall, cracking down on sanctuary cities, ending the visa lottery system, and stopping chain migration. #LA05
My constituents have been clear: No amnesty for illegal immigrants. My no vote today reflected my commitment to them that I will never support amnesty. The bill included some good things but went too far in granting amnesty for about 2M people who came into this country illegally
I have full confidence that President Trump will select a strong, constitutional conservative to fill the upcoming Supreme Court vacancy. I'm looking forward to seeing who he picks! #LA05
On #PTSDAwarenessDay, we recognize the fight continues for many veterans. Congress gave $8.8 billion for veteran mental health, PTSD suicide prevention, but nothing replaces a loved one's support. Let our heroes know they aren't alone let's get them the help they need. #LA05
Congress should censure Maxine Waters for her uncivilized and dangerous call to harass Trump officials. As the new face of the left, her supporters will use her words to justify violence intimidation to get their way. We can't allow that behavior. #LA05
Great meeting today w/ @Grambling1901 SGA President Adarian Williams, who is interning in DC. We talked about the $2.2 million grant GSU received to help train students for STEM jobs. Thanks for the great discussion! #GramFam #LA05
This is a tremendous win for religious liberty and the freedom of speech. California's law directly attacked both by going after these #Prolife pregnancy centers, and the Supreme Court was right to rule in favor of @NIFLA. #NIFLAvBecerra #LA05
The Supreme Court made the right call here. The United States has every right to determine who enters our country, and there is no reason we should open the gates for people without thoroughly vetting them for security threats first. #LA05
Today, Congress wrapped up two weeks full of legislation to combat the opioid epidemic, the crisis next door for millions of American communities. The final bill passed was H.R. 6, which is one of the most important bills dedicated to addressing the opioid crisis.
Over the last six months, we’ve seen countless benefits of tax reform. This was a much needed change and I’m proud of what it’s done for Louisiana and the rest of America.
It’s Take Your Dog to Work Day, so Gunnar decided to pay us a visit. Reminds me of my days in my veterinary clinic. #LA05
RT @HouseAgNews: In this week's #FarmBillFriday, @RepAbraham (LA-5) emphasizes the need to pass the #2018FarmBill and secure a safety net f…
RT @HouseAgNews: Today the House passed the #2018FarmBill which helps lift work-capable #SNAP recipients out of poverty and move up the eco…
