It is time Congress reigns in the unconstitutional power of the CFPB. I am confident that Director Kraninger will be a strong partner in our ongoing work to protect consumers from the regulatory overreach that has deprived them of necessary choices access to financial products.
Protecting consumers is one of my most important missions on @FinancialCmte. This week I questioned the Director of the CFPB, Kathy Kraninger, on the overly burdensome regulations that the Bureau has inflicted on
Women girls around the world deserve equal access to education. By passing the READ Act last Congress—a bill I was proud to cosponsor—we are ensuring that girls in developing countries have a better path to success. #InternationalWomensDay #IWD2019
We are working to provide increased opportunities access to education for our nation’s students and I appreciated learning from our HBCU leaders who are on the frontlines of this important issue.
I joined my friend @RepBeatty, the Chairwoman of the Diversity Inclusion Subcommittee, for a roundtable discussion with leaders from our country’s Historically Black Colleges Universities (HBCUs) to discuss the many ways Congress can work to strengthen investments in HBCUs.
RT @DOE_SC_NSB: Congratulations to Ladue Horton Watkins High School (St. Louis, MO) for advancing to the National Finals of the NSB – see y…
We must give law enforcement tools to fight human trafficking, and passage of Senator Onder’s bill out of committee is a strong step toward this important legislation becoming law. It will help prosecutors better fight online sex traffickers and protect victims.
Great news to hear the Missouri Senate unanimously passed a state-level version of FOSTA out of the Judiciary Committee today!
This week is National Consumer Protection Week and you can find helpful tools on how protect yourself from scams and safeguard your personal information
RT @femaregion7: It’s Severe Weather Awareness Week in Missouri. Let’s do our part to be #prepared and #StormAware! #MidwestReady
(5/5) Practices have varied widely across agencies but I hope this information gives us a starting point to identify best practices, brainstorm new approaches, improve collaboration between OMWI offices.You can watch my full opening statement here:
(4/5) Earlier this month, I contacted the eight regulatory agencies with Offices of Minority Women Inclusion (OMWI) to further understand agency efforts to increase diversity inclusion.
(3/5) While we need more data information, research shows that diversity inclusion can bring both social economic benefits to the workplace.
(2/5) However, there is still work to be done to ensure that the financial industry—along with many other sectors of the U.S. economy—is reaping the benefits of our country’s diversity.
(1/5) Today the Financial Services Diversity Inclusion Subcommittee held its inaugural hearing. Women minorities are growing their numbers securing leadership positions on Main Street, Wall Street, as elected officials.
I stood with my colleagues Whip @SteveScalise, @RepChrisSmith, @RepWalorski, and many other pro-life advocates as we spoke out on the importance of voting on and passing the Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act so babies can receive the vital care they need to stay alive.
Today I implored my colleagues to stand up for life and bring the Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act up for a vote. In the wake of Senate Democrats voting down this critical legislation, it is more essential than ever that we come together in defense of precious babies.
I walked over to the Senate today in support of my pro-life colleagues and after the vote I was joined by my friends and pro-life warriors Rep. Vicky Hartzler, Marjorie Dannenfelser, and Melissa Ohden who are voices for the voiceless.
Today Senate Democrats voted down the Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, an unconscionable vote that embraces infanticide. Now more than ever it is critical that we fight for lifesaving care for precious babies who are born alive.
Visited the St. Louis Carpenters Training Facility with Senator @RoyBlunt. Their top-notch workforce development efforts and apprenticeship programs provide crucial resources to our community.
Great to meet with constituents in Chesterfield today for our open office hours assist them in communicating with federal agencies.
(3/3) My bill ensures that babies who survive abortions receive immediate, lifesaving care--just as any other baby would. It is unthinkable that if a baby is born alive, anyone's first instinct could be anything but to try save that precious, innocent life by any means possible
(2/3) I introduced the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act because babies are the most vulnerable members of our society, it's our responsibility to make sure they are cared for.
(1/3) It was my honor to host @melissaohden as she shared her experience of being an abortion survivor to an enthusiastic crowd of pro-life advocates from across St. Louis.
Joined the team at Leonardo DRS for the groundbreaking of their innovative engineering, research, development facility in Bridgeton. I'm grateful to represent a company employees who are dedicated to serving our troops keeping America safe.
RT @LeonardoDRSnews: WATCH: Thank you to @RepAnnWagner for helping us break ground for our new #Engineering and #Manufacturing Complex in #…
Happy anniversary to my loving husband Ray! We have had 32 wonderful years together and looking forward to many more.
Thanks @RepGonzalez for working w/me to help provide more accessible options for domestic violence victims in rural communities who oftentimes do not have resources to get away stay away from their abusers. Read more about our legislation here:
Today we recognize all of our Presidents who have served our nation with honor and worked to make our country the best in the world. Happy Presidents’ Day! #PresidentsDay
I am grateful to have Ivanka as a strong partner in the fight for paid parental leave and look forward to continuing to work with her and my colleagues on behalf of America's families.
Productive meeting w/@IvankaTrump to discuss our Paid Parental Leave bill. Our priority is to expand freedom flexibility give new parents the option of paid parental leave so they can spend more time w/their children during the most precious formative time of a child’s life
Today @FinancialCmte held a hearing on the heartbreaking crisis of homelessness in America. I questioned our witnesses on the benefits of collaboration between local hospitals and shelters and how these joint efforts can complement our policy initiatives.
Saudi Arabia’s attacks on women dissidents are unconscionable. I join my colleagues in calling for the release of the women’s rights advocates who have been imprisoned allegedly subjected to violence for fighting for their fundamental human rights.
RT @SenSasse: Op-Ed in @USATODAY: Don't Let Infanticide Be A Partisan Issue.
"We're looking forward to resurrecting some of those discussions now," Wagner said. "I was so pleased to hear the President give a strong shoutout for it...I was the first on my feet to say, 'Yes!' I'm a big supporter and advocate in this arena."
…and I will never stop debating those who think it is okay to withhold medical care for babies who are born alive. Life is too precious and this issue too important to stand by and do nothing.    
Today I asked for unanimous consent to bring up the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act.I was told to cease speaking and not to engage in “debate." Well, I will never stop speaking for the innocent babies who cannot speak for themselves...
RT @IJM: 40 million people trapped in slavery. Nearly 1 in 4 victims is a child. Today we STAND for what's right until the number of men, w…
Check out my full press release for more info about my recently passed legislation, the Put Trafficking Victims First Act:
Today we stand with trafficking victims who are too often overlooked and underserved. The trauma of trafficking can be long-lasting, and victims need every ounce of support we can give them.
Yesterday I called on my colleagues to protect babies mandate medical care for babies who are born alive. This is not a difficult decision. All life is precious I hope my colleagues join me in supporting my legislation, the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act.
I joined House Republican Leadership this morning to announce the introduction of the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act.  You can see my full speech here on how we will work pass this legislation and protect babies who are born alive.
I introduced the Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act because Congress must act to protect those who cannot protect themselves. Thanks to @SteveScalise for joining me on this crucial legislation. Read our full release here:
RT @GOPLeader: Last night, America saw President Trump stand strong for the country and the freedoms that every American enjoys. Join now a…
RT @SteveScalise: Thank you to my friend @RepAnnWagner for helping to lead the fight to protect innocent life at all stages! I joined @sean…
I agree w/ @POTUS that Repubs Dems need to put politics aside work together to better our nation.  See my full press release on #SOTU here:
RT @BTMPublicPolicy: Thrilled for our #BTMAdvocateAllStar @KristinAkin1 who is attending the #StateOfTheUnion as a guest of @RepAnnWagner.…
I was so moved to hear Kristin’s story and we are glad to have her joining us today for the State of the Union.  Kristin and her husband Justin are inspiring advocates and I appreciate the work they have done to help other families.
I am grateful for the hard work and dedication of our law enforcement in putting these criminals behind bars and rescuing these victims.
Stopped by Valley Park and met with Mayor Chandra Webster this week. I always enjoy meeting with our local government officials to hear about the exciting happenings in their communities.
Visited the world's first only virtual care center, @MercyVirtual, located in Chesterfield. They provide accessible affordable care that supplements the bedside primary care teams, ensuring the best possible care for patients no matter their location.
Congratulations to Dalton Ennis, @sluhjrbills Senior and future @WestPoint_USMA cadet! I just gave him the news today that he will be joining the Class of 2023.
Too many victims of sexual assault never get the justice they deserve. That’s why @RepMaloney I are introducing the Debbie Smith Reauthorization Act, which will reduce the DNA evidence backlog to swiftly identify arrest violent predators.
I will continue to advocate for fundamental human rights, use this opportunity step up our fight against human trafficking, an injustice that has enslaved over 40 million innocent people worldwide.
I’m excited to take on this challenge as Vice Ranking Member of @HouseForeignGOP apply my foreign policy experience to strengthen partnerships alliances, advance the U.S.-led international order, confront adversaries when necessary.
RT @RepRiggleman: Last night, I spoke on the House floor in support of H.R. 56 (Financial Technology Protection Act), which would form a ta…
Read my full press release here:
I am thrilled to announce the House passed the FIND Trafficking Act last night. This legislation will better reveal how traffickers are hiding from law enforcement abusing victims.
RT @PatrickMcHenry: In her new role as the Vice Ranking Member of @FinancialCmte I am confident @RepAnnWagner and I can continue the commit…
We will never forget the horror of the Holocaust, nor its many victims. #HolocaustRemembranceDay“For in the end, it is all about memory, its sources and its magnitude, and, of course, its consequences." –Elie Wiesel, Holocaust
The Crocketts recently traveled to Iceland to spread the value of people with Down Syndrome, changing hearts minds along the way. Hearing about their experiences brought tears to my eyes. My prayers are with them as they continue their important work!
Just came from @CrestwoodMO. Great to meet the new Mayor Grant Mabie and discuss local issues, including the redevelopment plans for the former Crestwood Mall property with members of the Board of Aldermen, Police Chief Ron Compton, and Fire Chief Lou Hecht.
I'm honored humbled that Congressman @PatrickMcHenry has asked me to serve as his Vice Ranking Member of @FinancialCmte. See our full statement here:
Our nation’s public servants have a duty to call people to their greatest best, not to their lowest least. This #MLKDay, we remember his legacy of hope for a better tomorrow. “The quality, not the longevity, of one’s life is what is important.” -Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Congrats to AJ Woodman, the first #MO2 class of 2023 academy nominee to receive an appointment! I was thrilled to give AJ the news know he will excel @WestPoint_USMA!
I had the chance to meet with Grace and two members of the STL Gals for Gals, Shannon Chloe. I admire their passion to serve and to protect the most vulnerable in our society.
I am always inspired by young students like Grace who founded STL Gals for Gals, an anti-human trafficking advocacy group. Over a short period of time, Grace has garnered dozens of members enormous support for her work to raise awareness fight trafficking around the world.
It’s a privilege to assist my constituents, and I’m grateful to do something that means so much for Mike and his family and that honors his father’s legacy of service.
Two weeks ago, Mike asked for assistance obtaining a copy of his late father’s military records. This week, I presented him with a copy of the service medals his father earned during WWII.
Unemployment numbers are at a historic low in St. Charles County, the Job Center is doing great work assisting incumbent workers and placing skilled workers with job opportunities across the area.
Assisting our workforce by giving opportunities technical training is vital to the success of our economy. Joined by St. Charles County Executive Steve Ehlmann, we discussed workforce development efforts at the federal, state, local levels at the MO Job Center of St. Charles.
Heard about the valuable work our @ofallonpolice Department is doing while visiting the state-of-the-art O’Fallon Justice Center with Mayor Bill Hennessy. Always proud of our men and women in blue who sacrifice so much to protect our community each day.
Life is beautiful, and children are a blessing. I will always stand with those who support life.
We must put partisanship aside, secure our border, and reopen the government. My colleagues on both sides of the aisle should come to the table so we can find a solution and make sure federal workers get paid for the work they are doing and the work they have done.
For #ReligiousFreedomDay, we remember that America has long been a beacon of freedom, both in thought and practice. Our founding principles reflect the invaluable quest for truth and importance of free thinking and expression—ideals we still hold self-evident today.
Thank you to all those who will march for life this week. I stand with you, I will continue to fight pray for the day when abortion is not only illegal, but unthinkable.
I #MarchForLife b/c life is beautiful, children are a blessing, we must do all we can to support mothers. There is so much bipartisan work we can do to protect America’s mothers babies. I hope we can act together to serve protect all God’s children.
Always great to meet with Kevin Malone and Geoff Rogers with @USIAHT1 to find new ways to battle human trafficking. They have been strong partners and I look forward to continuing to work with them as we advance our goal of eradicating modern day slavery.
Proud to team up w/@RepJuanVargas to introduce the Fight Illicit Networks Detect (FIND) Trafficking Act. To learn more about how this helps root out traffickers who are anonymously transferring money hiding their crimes from the public eye, click here:
Glad to see @MoDOT is joining the fight against human trafficking in #MO! They plan to “Put the Brakes on Trafficking” with their new initiative.
I hope everyone stays safe and warm this weekend!
RT @MoDOT: This Human Trafficking Awareness Month, take a minute to learn about what our department is doing-- and what you can do--to put…
Yesterday, I joined @POTUS for the signing of important anti-trafficking legislation as we acknowledge #HumanTraffickingAwarenessMonth. Read my statement here:
Today is #NationalLawEnforcementAppreciationDay and we honor the men and women who put their lives on the line every day to keep us safe. Our families and neighborhoods are safer thanks to their sacrifices and we are grateful for their dedicated service.
I enjoyed meeting w/ Indian-American constituents from Saint Louis this week. Our Indian-American community has contributed greatly to Missouri’s 2nd District I am proud to work w/ constituents who are so invested in making our District a better place to live raise a family.
(7/7) I voted no today on the rules package because the people of Missouri deserve fairness and this rules package neither embodies that, nor does it make life better for my constituents.
(6/7) This package also eliminates commonsense pro-life provisions that have long held broad support and protect the life of the unborn.
(5/7) It shouldn’t be easy to take more of your hard earned money and send it to Washington – it should be harder. 2nd District families are burdened enough by taxes, and the last thing Congress should be doing is making it easier to increase your taxes.
(4/7) One of the biggest partisan power grabs gives the Democratic majority the power to raise your taxes with only a simple majority, instead of the supermajority that was in place last Congress.
(3/7) That is why I am disappointed that Democrats decided to forgo bipartisanship on their first day in power when they forced through changes to the rules of the House of Representatives that will make life more difficult for our community.
(2/7) Whether it is my work to end human trafficking, supporting our veterans, or cutting the red tape that holds back American ingenuity, the needs of #MO2 come first.
(1/7) I am honored and privileged to work for you in Congress, and do my best to support bipartisan solutions to our nation’s most urgent problems.
to strengthen our community we can ensure that it remains one full of hope and opportunity for the future. I look forward to seeing you your families back home in Missouri, if you are visiting Washington, D.C., please visit our new office in room 2350 in the Rayburn Building.
Today I was sworn into the 116th Congress, where I look forward to keeping my promise of making life better for you and your families. Faithfully serving Missouri's 2nd District remains a top priority of mine in Congress. It is truly an honor to serve, and by working together...
Wishing you and your loved ones a #HappyNewYear and looking forward to another year serving the people of Missouri’s 2nd Congressional District!
As we honor the Pledge of Allegiance today, we remember the value, commitment, and pride it represents. Our nation is a shining beacon of freedom and opportunity. I’m incredibly honored to represent part of this great country, the strong and dedicated community of #MO2.
#MerryChristmas! Christ the Savior is born. God’s blessings from my family to yours!
My legislation, the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act, has now passed in the Senate House! This will strengthen America’s global leadership in preventing, mitigating, responding to genocides human rights atrocities on a global scale.
.@meaccoleman is already fighting to protect the most vulnerable in our society with her very first piece of legislation. Survivors of sex trafficking, especially minors, need our support and we must bring those who would exploit them to justice.
The First Step Act is headed to the President’s desk. This much needed overhaul of our criminal justice system is going to keep our neighborhoods safe while extending a second chance to those who earn it.
I also worked hand in hand w/ healthcare providers across STL region who are leading the effort to assist trafficking victims in local clinics hospitals. I'm delighted Congress is coming alongside them by passing this legislation.
I'm proud to say Congress just passed the SOAR to Health Wellness Act. As the lead Republican sponsor on H.R. 767, I worked closely w/ @RepCohen to draft this bill so that services are better tailored to the needs of trafficking victims put survivors on the road to recovery.
Happening now: @SpeakerRyan's Farewell Address. Tune in below. Thank you for your service, Paul. It has truly been an honor working with you to keep the American dream alive and well.
My friends in STL City, NGA, the Air Force have been working just as hard to realize this groundbreaking property transfer. Thank you to everyone involved in this truly regional effort—I look forward to construction being underway!
Huge moment for STL that has been years in the making. I’ve been fighting with my colleagues to keep grow @NGA_GEOINT’s new campus in STL provide funding for its acquisition construction. With the land transfer today, we are one step closer to the new NGA facility.
RT @NGA_GEOINT: And with NGA director Robert Cardillo's signature, we're one step closer to our new facility in north #STL! NGA is excited…
This evening, @RepStefanik I joined @TheStoryFNC to discuss our efforts to support GOP women build a winning suburban agenda. Watch our interview here —&gt;
We just overwhelmingly passed legislation to reverse the maternal mortality crisis in the US. 60% of maternal deaths are preventable, and these bills support crucial prevention and research efforts.
I am proud to fight for the most vulnerable and give them a voice in Congress. That is why I introduced the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act to fight evil around the world. #HumanRightsDay
If we want to be in the House majority we have got to look more like America, not just like our rural areas that are so wonderful, but also more like urban suburban areas. I look forward to building an agenda that will help us be that party.
#GoArmy
RT @ArmyWP_Football: At the half.#GoArmy
As a proud Army mom of a West Point grad, this is my favorite game of the year. Always thankful for our troops who have made the commitment to serve our country! #GoArmyBeatNavy
Today we solemnly remember the many brave souls who passed at #PearlHarbor on December 7, 1941. They put our great country first, and made the ultimate sacrifice so we could remain free.
Rwandan opposition figure #DianeRwigara is acquitted of all charges. No one should be imprisoned for running for president. Freedom of expression is a basic human right.
RT @IRStaxsecurity: This is the #IRS National #TaxSecurity Awareness Week. Help us keep you safe:
#HappyHanukkah to my Jewish friends and neighbors! May you have a joyous celebration spent with family and loved ones.
He always remembered the small gestures of kindness―a note, a call, an encouraging hug―that left such an impact on others, including me. America has lost a hero whose spirit lives on in all those he touched. (3/3)
I had the honor and privilege of knowing and working for President Bush for a number of years, starting in 1992 as the Executive Director for the Bush/Quayle campaign in Missouri.He was a humble and dignified leader who put his faith, family, and country above himself. (2/3)
President George H.W. Bush was a mentor and role model who instilled in me the qualities of strong leadership and a duty to serve others. (1/3)
We have lost a remarkable leader. I will always admire @GeorgeHWBush’s character, perseverance, and grit. My prayers are with the Bush family.
Today we call on #Rwanda to #FreeDianeRwigara. Peaceful political participation is not a crime.
Small businesses are the economic engine of our nation. I'm proud to consistently support legislation that allows them to give back to their employees, innovate, and grow. #SmallBusinessSaturday
Visited Surdex Corporation, which conducts hundreds of mapping project across the US for public and private entities. I appreciated their employees demonstrating their state-of-the-art mapping technology and seeing their aircraft located at the Spirit of St. Louis airport!
Today I'm giving thanks for the gift of family, friends, and the many blessings God has bestowed upon us. I wish you and your loved ones a #HappyThanksgiving!
RT @jcrcstl: Jewish community delegation meeting with @RepAnnWagner to thank her for standing with us after the shooting in Pittsburgh and…
Enjoyed visiting Ross Baruzzini today! They recently won a huge multi-million dollar contract for a new airport in Mexico City. Congratulations!
My deepest condolences to Jamie Schmidt’s family as they go through this difficult time. My thoughts and prayers are with them and all those impacted by this tragedy. There is no place for evil like this in our society.
Only 9% of Americans with #pancreaticcancer survive 5+ yrs. Together we can #DemandBetter for patients suffering from the world’s deadliest major cancer. #WPCD #PANCaware
Be careful on the roads today!
We must always remember the service sacrifice of men women from all generations who have served our nation. These brave Americans put God country before themselves to protect the freedoms we enjoy today. I humbly thank all veterans for their service to our great nation.
#VeteransDay was extra special in STL this year! After years of renovations, the Soldiers Memorial Military Museum reopened Nov. 3. I attended a flag raising ceremony toured the new facility. Soldiers Memorial beautifully honors our military members, veterans, their families.
Happy #Diwali to all my friends and neighbors in #MO2 celebrating India’s Festival of Lights today. I wish you a bright and prosperous future!
Since the #TaxCutsandJobsAct, over 2,100,000 million jobs have been created! According to @USDOL’s new report, our economy and job market just keep getting better and better.
We can make a difference in the lives of precious children in need of foster and adoptive parents. For more information on how you can help, contact @FosterAdopt located right here in #MO2. #NationalAdoptionMonth
Happy Halloween! In addition to having your costumes and jokes ready for tonight, please be cautious about drug-laced look-alike candy! Call your local law enforcement to report any contaminated candy and they will report it to the DEA.
Happy Birthday, @IvankaTrump! Together, we’ve worked to support victims and combat the horror of sex trafficking. Thank you for your leadership and action on this crucial issue.
Thank you to the Jewish Community Center for hosting such a beautiful vigil in honor of the Tree of Life victims. Anti-semitism, violence, and hatred are unacceptable, and I pray for all those impacted and their families.
Protecting the unborn will always be a mission near and dear to my heart. It was a pleasure to celebrate the sanctity of life with hundreds of advocates at the 42nd Annual Respect Life Convention today. I am forever proud to defend life and the unborn.
RT @IvankaTrump: America is stronger than the acts of a depraved bigot and anti-semite.All good Americans stand with the Jewish people to…
National Drug Take-Back Day is tomorrow! Please do your part by safely disposing of your unused and expired prescription drugs. Find your nearest collection site here:
Glad to see @POTUS sign legislation yesterday that will actively combat the opioid crisis in our nation. This is a critical step to provide resources for those in need and get these deadly drugs off the streets.
RT @stlcountypd: Don't Forget! This Saturday is DEA National Drug Takeback. That means you can drop off unused, expired prescriptions at se…
The criminals who attempted to attack pillars of this democracy, American leaders and the free press, will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law. These cowardly acts of domestic terrorism have no place in a civilized society.
RT @SpeakerRyan: Those behind such reprehensible acts must be brought to justice. We cannot tolerate any attempt to terrorize public figure…
The safety of our children is so important, and this #RedRibbonWeek serves as a reminder to educate and spread awareness about the danger of drugs. Everyone can do their part to protect our community.
Tonight I experienced firsthand what our @stlcountypd Affton Precinct officers do to keep our communities safe. Tremendously proud of our men and women in blue—thanks to Captain Melissa Webb, Officer Costa, and the entire Affton Precinct for hosting me.
Honored to receive the Champion of Small Business Investing Award by @SmallBusinessPE. Promoting job growth access to capital for America’s entrepreneurs is essential in our competitive economic landscape. I’m proud to support our small businesses!
The nomination application deadline for the US Service Academies’ Class of 2023 was last week. My dedicated Nominations Panel is preparing to review each candidate's file conduct interviews later this year. It’s an honor to nominate such talented students!
This month we remember the strong survivors their families, as well as those we've lost. Together, we can fight cancer w/ research, education, awareness. In Congress, I will continue cutting red tape to promote innovation for new life-saving cures. #BreastCancerAwarenessMonth
RT @stlcountypd: 15 years of St Louis County Pipes and Drums. They’re celebrating the milestone by visiting the resting place of each falle…
Always be watchful and aware! Trafficking can happen anywhere, including right here in St.
Honored to receive the Wilberforce Award for my work to fight human trafficking with #FOSTA. There is still much more work to be done!
I’m honored to work alongside the St. Louis Business Travel Association to fight human trafficking in our region. Education awareness about this issue are key. I was grateful to see so many attend the panel today to learn more about how best to make STL safer for everyone.
The @SCCMOPD Cyber Crimes Unit houses the Midwest’s only Electronic Storage Detection K9, Corporal Bonnie! She can search, locate, recover hidden electronics containing evidence to assist in investigations of crimes against children exploitation, including human trafficking.
St. Charles County recently opened their new Emergency Management Operations Center. Together with St. Charles County Executive Steve Ehlmann, I visited the 30,000 square foot facility where the planning and coordination of disaster preparedness, response, recovery takes place.
As a member of @FinancialCmte, rolling back regulations that burden Main Street Americans is a top priority. For Regions, reforming several Dodd-Frank provisions has allowed them to expand give back to the community. Honored to attend their O’Fallon ribbon cutting this week!
Just paid my respects to Seaman 1st Class Natale Torti as he was welcomed to his final resting place at JB. On Dec. 7, 1941 he made the ultimate sacrifice at Pearl Harbor. My thoughts are w/ the Torti Family, I pray we are forever mindful of our heroes’ service sacrifice.
Also had the honor of meeting the recipients of the 2018 Presidential Award for Extraordinary Efforts to Combat Trafficking in Persons. I am inspired by the work so many are doing to fight this horrendous crime.
Just left meeting with @POTUS Interagency Task Force to Monitor Combat Trafficking in Persons. With my legislation #FOSTA the work of this administration, we are fighting human trafficking on all fronts at home abroad.
The Child and Dependent Care Modernization Act of 2018 will modernize the maximum amount a family can contribute to Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts to track w/ the real costs of dependent care today.
Paying for childcare is just plain hard for the working families I’ve spoken w/ across #MO2. We must find ways to help make their lives easier. I also know too many families across MO struggle to care for aging parents. Giving them flexibility to pay for care is important.
RT @FLGuard: #HurricaneMichael is here, but so are we. Stay safe, Florida. #FloridaFirst #FLNGAlwaysThere
RT @PattonvilleSD: Thanks to @RepAnnWagner for hand-delivering U.S. Constitution booklets to students in @PHSBrueckmann government class @P…
Everyone deserves the chance to reach their full potential! #DownSyndromeAwarenessMonth
RT @IvankaTrump: Ambassador Haley has served America with dignity + distinction. She is a bold reformer and has been an unwavering champio…
RT @SpeakerRyan: Nikki Haley has been a clear, consistent, and powerful voice for America’s interests and democratic principles on the worl…
More great news for hard-working Americans! Our economy is booming and we have our lowest unemployment rate since 1969! 
RT @stlcountypd: On this day in 2016, Officer Blake Snyder was killed in the line of duty. His sacrifice will never be forgotten. Thank you…
From Chesterfield to Arnold to Shrewsbury to St. Charles, our #MO2 manufacturers are top-notch! Their hard work is much appreciated! #MFGDay18 #ManufacturingDay
Great to catch up with these wonderful young @JDRF patient-advocates, Lizzie and Isaac. Thanks for stopping by!
In this trade deal, and in future negotiations, the Wagner Language seeks to guide other nations to enact strong laws that protect victims and dismantle this horrific industry.
The Wagner Language included in the #USMCA allows our trading partners to enact domestic laws that enable victims to seek justice and empowers law enforcement to enforce their criminal laws against online traffickers.
Thank you, Ambassador Mahoney, for calling to discuss how we can continue to work together on U.S. trade agreement text to reflect America's position on fighting human trafficking.
RT @Mizzou: Big congratulations to Mizzou's own Dr. George P. Smith for winning the 2018 #NobelPrize in chemistry! @MizzouBiology @MizzouAa…
As part of National Substance Abuse Prevention Month, @TheJusticeDept announced new funds to combat opioid abuse across the country. Great to hear Missouri is receiving millions to help fight the opioid crisis plaguing our communities.
Great job, Megan! Thanks for all your hard work to help trafficking victims!
Thank you @USTradeRep, @WhiteHouse, @IvankaTrump for working w/ me to ensure the US remains the global leader in the fight against modern-day slavery. I hope #USMCA guides legislatures across our continent to enact laws that protect victims dismantle the online sex trade.
I worked closely with US trade negotiators to guarantee the #USMCA includes the Wagner Language, to uphold #FOSTA in the renegotiated text to help stop the online sex trade here at home now throughout North America.
The #USMCA creates more balanced fairer trade for American workers. It stimulates US manufacturing by supporting domestic vehicle auto parts production, sets new standards for ag biotechnology, a key industry here in #MO2. Read my statement here:
RT @nvisiblegirlprj: IGP has a petition to have the State Dept to recognize the link between trafficking+gendercide in the TIP report.We ar…
As an Army mom, our #GoldStar families have a special place in my heart. I will always be inspired by their sacrifice and the spirit they carry on from the ones they’ve lost.
Yesterday, I voted to protect middle-class and small business tax cuts, promote family savings, and advance the next generation of entrepreneurs in America. With Tax Reform 2.0, your tax cuts are permanent. #BetterOffNow
An estimated 126 million women are missing from the world population due to gender-based violence, neglect, even infanticide. Congress must stand up against this promotion of violence around the world. That's why I introduced the Stop Gendercide Act.
RT @HouseGOP: BREAKING NEWS → The SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act has PASSED in the People’s House. The American people are #Bette…
RT @Reuters: BREAKING: U.S. Secretary of State Pompeo reiterated call for Myanmar government to release immediately two jailed Reuters repo…
Thank you, Administrator Wheeler for finally providing a permanent solution to our community and for making the people of Missouri a top priority.
Today's announcement of a solution for the West Lake Landfill is a testament to the STL community who has been committed to the safety, security, well-being of the families in the area, the administration officials who are finally following through after decades of delays.
@Justmomsstl It is truly an honor to represent such a strong and committed community! Your tireless efforts helped shine a national and local spotlight on this issue making West Lake a top priority at the EPA.
I strongly urge my colleagues in the Senate to pass this bill, which ensures the US will continue to set the global standards for anti-money laundering human trafficking prevention.
We need to hit traffickers where it hurts—their bank accounts. Congress is doing just that by passing my legislation, the Empowering Financial Institutions to Fight Human Trafficking
Great visit with Colonel Michael Holland from the Army Reserve Command. The Army Reserve’s Weldon Spring training facility is one of their largest, and located right here in #MO2!
RT @ACSCAN_MO: Great meeting with @RepAnnWagner  staff. Thank you @RepAnnWagner for your support of cancer issues!
RT @AngelsArmsSTL: �BIG NEWS! Thanks to a nomination by @RepAnnWagner, Angels’ Arms is a 2018 Angels’ in Adoption Honoree. The Congressiona…
Congratulations to the newest officer of @BallwinPolice, Shannon Schaper! Tremendously thankful for our men and women in blue and all they do to protect our communities.
There were many amazing young people from #MO2 across the state who received Congressional Award Medals this year! These men women earned their awards through hard work, initiative, perseverance. I have no doubt their drive will continue to serve them well in the future!
Throughout my time in Congress, I have met so many hardworking, intelligent, and extraordinary businesswomen. Their impact on our community should be recognized today and every day! #BusinessWomensDay
These heroes will never be forgotten. #POWMIARecognitionDay
This #WorldAlzheimersDay, let’s continue to build awareness and compassion for those suffering from dementia. This is a global issue, and we can all do our part to fight against the stigmatization that surrounds this disease.
Earlier this year, I voted to help Missourians fight the opioid epidemic. The opioid crisis is ravaging our communities, but with this additional funding, we can increase prevention, treatment, and recovery
