Today we celebrate the extraordinary women in our lives and across the globe. As the proud grandfather of two young granddaughters, I can’t wait to see more female CEOs, Congresswomen and small business owners making history and realizing their dreams! #InternationalWomensDay
Good luck to my hometown @StE_Hornets basketball team as they compete in the Class 1 state semifinals tonight! #GoHornets #FinalFour
ICYMI: House Democrats believe increasing government bureaucracy and trampling states' rights are the best ways to “empower the American people.”HR 1 is for the politicians NOT for the people
Calling all high school artists in #MO03! I just announced the 2019 Congressional Art Competition details. Please click here for more information → 
RT @RepJasonSmith: Saw these Missouri cows this morning. I didn’t have the heart to tell them their gases are the cause of climate change,…
ICYMI: @FinancialCmte members on both sides of the aisle raised CECL concerns in their questions to @federalreserve Chair Powell yesterday
After overcoming a difficult season, I’m happy to congratulate @EldonMustang senior Isaiah Simmons on winning an individual Class 2 state wrestling title!
At 9 am CT @federalreserve Chair Powell will be testifying before the @FinancialCmte. Tune in to hear important updates on the state of our economy!
President @realDonaldTrump is committed to keeping American citizens safe and I wholeheartedly support his efforts to secure our nation.
America is facing a crisis at the border and instead of working to protect those who elected us, my colleagues have decided to waste time on a purely political resolution.
Knowing full well this resolution has no chance of being signed into law, today my Democratic colleagues advanced another futile attempt to obstruct the President’s statutory authority and overturn his national emergency declaration.
Tune in!
The gift of life is an inherent right bestowed on each and every human being at conception. As your Congressman, it's my responsibility to fight for Missouri values protect the most vulnerable among us. I'm encouraged by this pro-life shift in our nation
This President’s Day, we recognize those who have cultivated the country we know today. Each President is known for his strengths and weaknesses, wins and losses, yet each indelibly shaped the path of our nation.
Legislation to fund the government is headed to @POTUS desk. Read my full statement here:
Wishing a Happy Valentine’s Day to everyone in #MO03! ️On this special day, I LOVE seeing how many valentines we received for our veterans. What an amazing show of support and gratitude for those who served our nation!
It was such an honor to meet with Missourian Lynna Hodgson to hear more about her inspiring story! @SOMissouri
It was an honor to serve alongside @RepWalterJones. He will be missed. I send my deepest condolences to his loving family at this difficult time.
Joining @MorningsMaria on @FoxBusiness shortly. Tune in!
Tonight, we were reminded of why we should all be proud to be American. Read my full #SOTU statement here
"We must keep America 1st in our hearts. We must keep freedom alive in our souls. And we must always keep faith in America's destiny - that one Nation, under God, must be the hope and the promise and the light and the glory among all nations of the world!" @realDonaldTrump #SOTU
"America was founded on liberty and independence - not government coercion, domination, and control. We are born free, and we will stay free. Tonight, we renew our resolve that America will never be a socialist country." @realDonaldTrump #SOTU
"Let us work together to build a culture that cherishes innocent life. And let us reaffirm a fundamental truth: all children - born and unborn - are made in the holy image of God." @realDonaldTrump #SOTU
"Simply put, walls work and walls save lives. So let's work together, compromise, and reach a deal that will truly make America safe." @realDonaldTrump  #SOTU
"If there is going to be peace and legislation, there cannot be war and investigation...We must be united at home to defeat our adversaries abroad." @realDonaldTrump #SOTU
Finally heading to the Capitol to see @realDonaldTrump deliver his second State of the Union Address! #SOTU Tune in at 8pm CT on
Today’s the day! Tune in tonight for @POTUS second State of the Union Address and join the conversation with #SOTU
Thanks for having me!
DEADLINE EXTENDED – My offices will be accepting Valentines for Veterans until Monday, February 11th. That means #MO03 has an extra week to take a moment and create a valentine for those who bravely served our nation!
February is #AmericanHeartMonth ️As your Congressman I will continue supporting heart disease research and funding to ensure Missourians continue to live long, happy and healthy lives. #NoMOHeartDisease #BlainesBulletin
Keep them coming! Valentines for Veterans can be dropped off or mailed to my district offices in Wentzville, Jefferson City, and Washington until Monday, February 4th at 5:00 pm. Please visit my website for additional details
With bitterly cold weather headed our way, I urge you to follow @MoSEMA_ and @Readygov for important information and safety tips. Stay safe #MO03!
Data security and breach notification are some of my top priorities. On this #DataPrivacyDay I’m happy to see Chairman @MikeCrapo of Senate @BankingGOP furthering the dialogue on this important issue.
Congratulations to @RodKRCG13 on his induction into the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame!
We must keep our promise to the American people.
I’ll be joining @kevcirilli on @BloombergTV momentarily. Tune in!
REMINDER: Valentines for Veterans can be dropped off or mailed to my district offices until February 4th at 5:00 p.m.I hope everyone can find a moment to create a valentine for those who bravely served our nation.
On this #MLKDay we honor the amazing life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
I support President Trump's mission to secure our border and keep our citizens safe, and I hope Democratic leaders can set aside partisan politics, show true leadership, and reopen the government.
Divided government can only work if both sides show a willingness to compromise and negotiate in good faith. @realDonaldTrump has shown he is willing to work with Congressional Democrats on their immigration priorities, even in the face of continued Democratic obstruction.
46 years after Roe v. Wade, the pro-life movement is as strong and as passionate as ever.This morning I spoke with #prolife Missourians who traveled to Washington DC to make their voices heard.
Thanks for having me!
The @usdafsa office in Jefferson City will be open on Jan 17, Jan 18, and Jan 22. It is located at 1911 Boggs Creek Road, Jefferson City.For additional information click here or call the Jefferson City @usdafsa office at (573) 893-5196
Last year, Customs and Border Patrol seized or helped seize:- 282,000 lbs of cocaine- 248,000 lbs of methamphetamine- 6,500 lbs of heroin- 2,400 lbs of fentanyl We must do everything we can to secure our border and protect American citizens
The border crisis is not an elaborate ruse as some would like us to believe, but the result of decades-long policy failures.  My press releases from 2009 sound like they were written today, a bleak reminder of how little has been done to #SecureOurBorder
Today I reintroduced four bills that will make a real difference to coastal Americans as we continue to work toward permanent, comprehensive reform of the National Flood Insurance Program
I’m thrilled to announce my 4th annual ‘Valentines for Veterans’ initiative today!Last year my office received more than 12,000 valentines for local vets. I hope everyone can find a moment to create a valentine for those who bravely served our nation.
President Trump's mission to thwart illegal immigration, gang violence, crime, drugs human trafficking is in the best interest of all Americans. I support @POTUS mission to secure our border keep our citizens safe. I hope my colleagues will keep our promise #SecureOurBorder
New Year. New Congress. Make sure you're in the loop by signing up to receive my weekly column! I share updates from Washington D.C. each week in #BlainesBulletin
I’m back in DC and ready for the first day of the 116th Congress! I am so grateful and honored to have the opportunity to represent the great people of #MO03 for another term.
Wishing everyone a prosperous and blessed 2019!
On behalf of my staff and the entire Luetkemeyer family, I wish everyone in Missouri-03 a Merry Christmas!
Please join me in keeping our brave armed forces in your thoughts and prayers today. Their selflessness and love of country serve as the purest embodiment of the Christmas spirit and set a shining example for all Americans to follow.
Wishing you a safe, happy and blessed holiday. Merry Christmas Eve!
Last night I kept my promise to the people of #MO03 and supported additional funding to secure our border and keep our citizens safe. The House has done its job. I urge my Senate colleagues to get this legislation over the finish line.
Congratulations to @heliascatholic senior Ellie Rockers on being named the Missouri High School Volleyball Coaches Association Player of the Year!
Congratulations to my hometown’s own Ross Struemph on his accomplishment. Keep up the good work!
My office was happy to have Anthony, a @Mizzou sophomore, interning in my DC office this semester. While in DC, he has done great work helping my staff and even gave tours of the Capitol to our fellow Missourians. I wish him well in all his future endeavors! @mu_serves
For 382 years the National Guard has always stepped up to serve when the American people needed them most. Today we celebrate these American heroes, especially the great men and women serving in the @Missouri_NG! #Guard382
I’m proud to support this legislation to provide the certainty Missouri farmers deserve and invest in the future of our rural communities. #2018FarmBillRead my full statement here →
Many of our #armedforces serving around the world are unable to spend the holidays with their families. Today I joined the @RedCross #HolidayforHeroes event to send holiday greetings to our men and women in uniform, thanking them for their service and sacrifice.
TOMORROW I will be holding a live telephone town hall to give an update on what I’ve been doing in Washington and answer questions from #MO03. If you are interested in joining the telephone town hall, please sign up here →
Congratulations to Coach Ted LePage and the Blair Oaks football team on winning the Class 2 State Championship!
77 years ago, our nation was under attack. Today we honor the Greatest Generation and remember the brave Americans lost at #PearlHarbor. May we never forget their sacrifice.
This week @POTUS safeguarded the Delta Queen’s storied history, returning her to MO rivers.@POTUS signs S.140 The Frank LoBiondo Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 Tuesday Dec. 4, 2018, in the Oval Office of the White House. (Official White House Photo by Joyce N. Boghosian)
It was a pleasure to speak at the ribbon cutting ceremony for the long-awaited new Highway 47 Bridge! Replacing the aging bridge originally built in 1934, the new bridge will provide a vital link between Franklin and Warren counties.
Along with my fellow Americans, I send my sincere condolences to the entire Bush family on this difficult day. We all gain some comfort in knowing he is now reunited with his beloved wife, First Lady Barbara Bush.
America has lost an honorable man who leaves a legacy of conservative leadership. President George H.W. Bush exemplified the Greatest Generation through his faithful commitment to our nation as a war hero, Congressman, Ambassador to the UN, Director of the CIA and President.
Proud of my friend @PatrickMcHenry who will lead the @FinancialCmte Republicans with distinction.
500 MILLION customers may have had information exposed, including passport numbers and payment information in some cases. We must make data security a priority and finally address this critical issue affecting Americans across the nation.
.@RepHensarling has been a friend and colleague for many years, and it has been a privilege to serve alongside him on the @FinancialCmte. I wish him all the best in his future endeavors!
"Full Steam Ahead: Delta Queen Legislation Headed to President’s Desk" hope Missourians will be able to enjoy the historic Delta Queen as it traverses Missouri’s waterways for years to come.
During this season of reflection, I ask you to join me in giving thanks for the many blessings and freedoms we enjoy as Americans. On behalf of myself, my family, and my staff, I hope everyone has a safe, joyous, and blessed Thanksgiving!
Missourians cherish the tradition of togetherness. Each year I look forward to a house full of grandchildren and my wife Jackie’s sweet potato casserole. This year I'm sharing my favorite Thanksgiving recipe, and I hope you and yours will enjoy it as much as our family does!
Let the #Thanksgiving planning commence! The @USDA offered these #FoodSafety tips to keep your Thanksgiving bacteria free.
Today is #NationalRuralHealthDay For additional information and resources, please visit the Missouri Office of Rural Health’s website
Congratulations to my colleague @RepJasonSmith on his reelection to serve on the House GOP Conference leadership team. I know he will serve our conference just as he serves the great people of Missouri’s 8th district, with a commitment to upholding conservative Missouri values.
The bravery and sacrifice of Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. and his family reflects the best of our nation. It was a privilege to dedicate the Pacific Post Office in honor of Jeffrey and pay tribute to our hometown hero.
On this #VeteransDay we honor all the selfless men and women who served our nation. Freedom is not free and we are all eternally grateful for their sacrifice.
ICYMI: @WSJ Editorial Board on Operation Choke Point “Regulators have no business blocking lawful companies from the U.S. banking system, as if Check Into Cash were the government of Iran.”
Wishing everyone in Missouri-03 a safe and happy Halloween!
TOMORROW is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. I urge you to check your medicine cabinet! If you don’t need it, please dispose of your prescription drugs for the safety of your loved ones.For more information on collection sites near you visit
This week @POTUS signed into law H.R. 6, the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act. Read more about this historic legislation to combat the opioid crisis in this week’s #BlainesBulletin →
With Veteran’s Day around the corner, my office is able to have a flag flown over the United States Capitol in honor of any veterans in your life. If you’re interested, please call my Washington DC office at 202-225-2956 or fill out the form on my website
I am deeply concerned by the blatant intimidation, coercion and bias employed by bureaucrats playing politics with the livelihood of Americans. We have a duty to ensure businesses are never again subject to despicable abuses of power like Choke Point.
I support President Trump and Vice President Pence’s strong denouncement of today’s attempted attacks. This type of violence has no place in our nation.
It was a pleasure to address the 2018 Young Bankers Leadership Conference last week. I will continue to fight for reasonable and responsible regulations that allow bankers to get back to the business of investing in our communities.
It is an honor to represent so many great Missourians from #MO03! Happy #MissouriDay!
“The U.S. is back on top as the most competitive country in the world, regaining the No. 1 spot for the first time since 2008” #BetterOffNow
Today, I called on FDIC Chairman McWilliams Comptroller Otting to do what their predecessors consistently declined to do by investigating this abuse of power and restoring the integrity of their agencies.
As a former examiner, I find it appalling that regulators would not only allow but encourage this irresponsible behavior. The intimidation tactics and implicit bias employed by these unelected bureaucrats stands in direct opposition to the important missions of the agencies.
On Friday, we learned of additional compelling evidence exposing the vindictive bureaucrats who crusaded against legitimate businesses by starving them of access to financial services.
For the last five years I've fought to end the Obama Administration’s ideologically driven initiative against individuals and legal businesses – aptly named “Operation Choke Point”
Happy to see a hometown business investing in the future of our community and expanding right here in Missouri’s third district!
Luetkemeyer Congratulates Justice Brett Kavanaugh on his Confirmation
Congratulations to Dr. Jerald Jones Woolfolk, the newly inaugurated President of @LUBlueTigers. As a proud alum, I’m happy to welcome Dr. Woolfolk to our historic university.
More great economic news!
REMINDER: Today at 1:18 CT @FEMA will be conducting a nationwide test of the Wireless Emergency Alert System. �
This extension will allow @MissouriRevenue to complete the transition to REAL ID without subjecting Missourians to the hindrance of noncompliance.
Read more about Tax Reform 2.0 in this week’s #BlainesBulletin →
Today I joined my colleagues to deliver permanent tax relief to families and small businesses, safeguarding our economic prosperity, creating jobs and ensuring future generations continue to reap the benefits of our growing economy.
It's an honor to receive the @NFIB Guardian of Small Business Award.Small businesses are the heart of our communities and drive economic growth in this country. I'll continue to advocate for pro-growth economic policies that support small businesses in MO and across the nation.
Today I voted to:️ Provide our troops with the largest pay raise in 9 yrs️ Fully fund the Department of Defense️ Deliver resources to fight the opioid epidemic️ Provide Hurricane Florence relief
For 71 years the dedicated men and women of the USAF have defended our nation. Thank you for your service!
The U.S. Constitution provides the framework for our great nation, and for 231 years it has been a beacon of our democratic ideals. On this #ConstitutionDay we celebrate the unique rights and freedoms we, as U.S. citizens, are guaranteed.
@FinancialCmte We need better cooperation from all my colleagues and the industries that handle consumer data to advance additional meaningful changes. At some point there will be another major breach, and without a comprehensive solution our constituents will pay the price for our inaction.
@FinancialCmte I’m disappointed that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle did not join committee Republicans to elevate the conversation surrounding data security and vote to institute new statutory requirements for all financial firms.
PASSED → The @FinancialCmte just passed my bill to protect and notify financial institution consumers in the event of a data breach.
It was a pleasure to address the #MIBAConv18 yesterday. Thanks for having me!
17 years ago, our nation was under attack. On this day, we honor the lives tragically lost and remember the bravery and heroism of our fellow Americans. We will never forget.
ICYMI: U.S. Jobless Claims Declined to Fresh Post-1969 Low Last Week #BetterOffNow
This ceremony was another reminder that freedom is not free, a reality the White family knows far too well. Next time you go by the Specialist Jeffrey L. White Jr. U.S. Post Office, take a second to remember the sacrifice of those who protect our nation
Army Specialist Jeffrey L. White from Catawissa, MO tragically lost his life in 2012, just one week before he was scheduled to come home on leave. Last week I had the honor of joining Jeffrey’s family and local officials for the dedication of the Pacific Post Office in his memory
Today, we celebrate the hard work of Americans across the nation. I hope you have a safe and happy holiday with your loved ones!
ICYMI: US economy logs best performance in nearly 4 years #BetterOffNow
Today the world has lost a great American hero. Senator McCain served our nation for more than half a century, dedicating his life as a distinguished member of the U.S. Navy and the U.S. Senate. Please join me in keeping his wife Cindy and his family in your prayers this evening.
The new Emergency Operations Center is critical to my constituents in St. Charles County and it was a pleasure to see the progress for myself. Thank you for having me!
We also had Samantha, Bryce and Carter intern in my Washington D.C. office this summer. Thank you all for your hard work and we wish you the best in the future!
This summer my office had the pleasure of having Halle intern in my Jefferson City office.
If you don’t already receive my weekly e-newsletter, you can sign up on my website #blainesbulletin
From U.S. Capitol tours to help with Federal Agencies to service academy nominations – my staff is here to help. Read more about how my office can help you in this week’s column → #blainesbulletin
.@POTUS just signed the National Defense Authorization Act into law - ensuring our troops have the resources they need to defend our nation and providing them with a well-deserved pay raise. Thanks to @POTUS leadership and the bravery of our armed forces, America is #betteroffnow
Today we celebrate 197 years of the Show Me State!
TUNE IN - I’ll be joining @MariaBartiromo on @FoxBusiness @MorningsMaria in just a few minutes
ICYMI: U.S. workers received their biggest pay increases in nearly a decade over the 12 months through June, a sign the strong labor market is boosting wages
This month my office had the opportunity to give U.S. Capitol tours to more than 280 Missourians! If you’re visiting Washington D.C. please reach out to my office at 202-225-2956 or visit my website. We’d love to have you stop by!
It was a pleasure to meet advocates from #ATeamMissouri to discuss how Congress can support their important mission. #DignityHasAVoice
Unemployment ↓Wages ↑Consumer confidence ↑The economy is booming and we’re just getting started. America is #betteroffnow
Heartbroken to hear of the tragedy in Branson last night. Please keep these families in your thoughts and prayers.
RT @RepTomGraves: #ThisIsWhy we support the Financial Services Appropriations bill: #FSGG @HouseAppropsGOP @RepBradWenstrup @RepBlaine @R…
Yesterday I had a very productive conversation with the @NTSC_CISO regarding the future of data security legislation. It was a pleasure to hear their perspective as I continue to work on this important issue.
@federalreserve @FinancialCmte ICYMI -  “He’s not a think-tank guy, but a banker from the real world, and that gives him a perspective that I think is important.”
HAPPENING NOW - @federalreserve Chair Powell testifies before the @FinancialCmte on Monetary Policy and the State of the Economy. Tune in here
PASSED - The House just passed the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act with broad BIPARTISAN support.
Thanks to @USRepRodney and @RepTomGraves the FY19 Financial Services Appropriations bill includes my legislation to permanently end Operation Choke Point. This will ensure no future administration can coerce banks into terminating relationships due to personal and political bias.
Last week I had the opportunity to meet with representatives from @JDRF who updated me on their important mission. It was a pleasure to meet you, and thank you for your hard work fighting against type 1 diabetes! #T1D
Using the Federal Reserve as a personal ATM follows neither the spirit nor the letter of the Constitution. Thanks to @RepTomGraves leadership, the House will soon vote to ensure proper Congressional oversight of the @CFPB by FINALLY subjecting it to the appropriations process.
Today I met with great students from the Hermann FFA chapter. It was a pleasure to meet you all and welcome to Washington DC!
I’m happy to see this crucial project come to fruition. The bridge rebuild will create more than 100 jobs in our area and boost our local economy.
It was a pleasure to welcome our 2018 Congressional Art Competition winner, Courtney Walsch, to Washington DC! If you’re visiting the @uscapitol this year, keep an eye out for her painting and please reach out to my office for help with scheduling tours
My full statement on President Trump's nomination of Brett Kavanaugh
Happy to have Missouri’s own @RoyBlunt leading the Senate in the fight to #EndALZ
CLASS OF 2023 - My office is now accepting applications for Service Academy nominations for the class of 2023. For more information about the application process or general questions, please contact my Jefferson City office at 573-635-7232.
The U.S. economy added 213,000 jobs last month, beating expectations. More great news for Americans across the nation!
As we celebrate the birth of our great nation, I hope you are spending the day with your family and friends and enjoying the unmatched rights and freedoms we have as Americans. On behalf of myself, my family and my staff – Happy Fourth of July!
Calling all #MO03 students and recent graduates – if you’re interested in a fall internship with my office, please contact my Washington D.C. office at 202-225-2956 or my Jefferson City office at 573-635-7232 for more information.
As we celebrate America’s six month tax-iversary, we will continue working hard to ensure future generations are able to take advantage of a robust U.S. economy and live their American Dream
TUNE IN to hear @SecretaryCarson testify before the @FinancialCmte this morning
At 1 pm CT I will be chairing a @FinancialCmte hearing on the implications of de-risking in the wake of the financial crisis. Watch LIVE here →
Last week the House passed the 2018 Farm Bill. This critical legislation prioritizes rural America and provides much-needed certainty to Missouri farmers. Click here to read more →
On this day, we recognize the 230th anniversary of the ratification of our nation’s founding framework.  Through the Constitution the Founding Fathers laid the groundwork for the greatest nation in history.  We are eternally grateful for their courage and foresight.
Today I welcomed Greg Prestemon, President and CEO of the @edcscc to testify before the @HouseSmallBiz Committee. It was an honor to have a #MO03 constituent testify about how important small businesses are to our communities. Thank you for your hard work!
Thanks for stopping by!
Tune in tomorrow to hear how tax reform is helping our economy get back on track ↓
Wishing a Happy Father’s Day to all the great dads in Missouri-03!  I hope you have a wonderful day spent with your loved ones.
This week, members of the Montgomery County FFA are in Washington D.C. for the @NationalFFA Washington Leadership Conference. It was a pleasure to meet with these great young people and hear more about the conference. Thanks for stopping by!
As we continue our work to combat the opioid crisis, I was proud to support the THRIVE Act. This legislation will help address the housing needs of individuals recovering from opioid addiction.Thanks to my @FinancialCmte colleague @RepAndyBarr for sponsoring this critical bill!
Today we honor all that the Red, White and Blue means to us as Americans. On this day, we also salute the men and women in uniform who protect the unparalleled freedom and hope our flag represents. #FlagDay
Yesterday, the House passed 25 bills to tackle the opioid crisis. We have a responsibility to get this problem under control, and I will continue to fight until we find a solution.
It was an honor to discuss the important issues facing Missouri with @GovParsonMO. Under his leadership, our state’s future looks bright!
Yesterday, I had the opportunity to meet with some great young people from the Elsberry FFA in Washington, DC. Thanks for stopping by!
RT @FinancialCmte: “The American people deserve a Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection that enforces law rather than creates it; and tha…
74 years ago today, it was the beginning of the end. Today we remember those who gave their lives and those who returned home knowing their accomplishments will never be forgotten. #DDayRemembered
We’ve been working hard to get America’s economy back on the right track, and it looks like our hard work is paying off.
Good luck!
More great economic news for Missourians and Americans across the country! With unemployment matching its lowest point since 1969, our economy is on the right track. I will continue to fight for responsible, pro-growth economic policies to benefit all Americans.
Luetkemeyer Statement on Governor Eric Greitens Resignation
It was an honor to nominate such an outstanding young woman to attend the @AF_Academy. Paige has a bright future ahead of her and I am confident she will make Missouri-03 proud!
Today we honor the brave men and women whose love of country led them to answer the call to defend our nation. Memorial Day is a time to remember our fallen heroes – those who made the ultimate sacrifice. Without them, America would not be the country it is today.
It was an honor to stand alongside @realDonaldTrump as he signed the most significant pro-growth banking deregulation bill in decades. Under the leadership of President Trump, things are looking up for community banks and consumers across the nation
The Farm Bill is critical to our Missouri-03 farmers and rural communities. This week I had the opportunity to discuss the Farm Bill with Kermit Miller from @KRCG13 while he was in Washington DC
PASSED: S. 2155 is headed to the President's desk! This a win for community financial institutions, a win for small businesses, a win for consumers, and a win for the American economy.
Today, too many consumers are left struggling to get the tools they need to achieve financial independence. S. 2155 is a big step in the right direction. #Relief4MainStreet
In the wake of the financial crisis, Americans needed reg reform that would lift the economy.  Instead, Congress responded with a framework that increased the cost of financial products, restricted access to loans, and redistributed credit away from middle-income borrowers.
RT @FinancialCmte: We’re putting Main Street + community financial institutions FIRST with a historic regulatory relief bill that the House…
Yesterday I had the opportunity to stand next to @POTUS as he reversed the @CFPB auto lending guidance. Working alongside my colleagues and @WhiteHouse, we must continue to roll back harmful Obama-era regulations. (Official White House Photo by Shealah Craighead)
Great to see a friendly face in Washington DC. Thanks for stopping by!
My heart breaks for the community of Santa Fe, Texas. Please join me in keeping all of the victims of this tragedy in your prayers.
The VA MISSION Act just passed! This bill streamlines VA programs and prioritizes veterans’ access to healthcare in underserved areas. It will put the VA on track to finally provide the exemplary support and care our veterans deserve.
.@Chilis has announced that customer credit and debit card information was recently compromised - making them the most recent national chain to have a data breach this year.  American consumers NEED better data protection.
This week we remember the men and women in blue who have made the ultimate sacrifice and honor those who work tirelessly to keep us all safe. Thank you to all the law enforcement officers across Missouri and the U.S. for your hard work and dedication.
This semester, my offices in Washington D.C. and Jefferson City had a great group of interns. Thank you all for your hard work this semester! Michelle, a graphic design major at @se_news talks more about her internship experience here →
Wishing a Happy Mother’s Day to my wonderful wife, Jackie, and to all the moms in Missouri-03. I hope you enjoy your special day!
RT @realDonaldTrump: On behalf of the American people, WELCOME HOME!
This week, we celebrate Teacher Appreciation Week. As the son of an 8th grade English teacher, I have a profound respect for those who dedicate their lives to teaching our children. Please join me in thanking these hardworking men and women for their commitment to our children.
This morning I’ll be joining @AEI to discuss the future of community banking. Tune in LIVE at 7:30 CT
Today I sent a letter to @fema urging prompt correction of any potential floodplain map errors affecting Lake of the Ozarks residents. My constituents deserve peace of mind in knowing they can trust the accuracy of @fema maps.
TONIGHT at 5:30 pm I will be hosting a telephone town hall to speak directly with constituents about the important issues currently affecting you and your neighbors. If you would like to join the telephone town hall, please sign up here →
On Friday I had the opportunity to attend the unveiling of Boeing’s Service Life Modification program. This is a big deal for the local economy and very exciting for our community.
GREAT NEWS - Unemployment has fallen to the lowest rate since 2000! Working alongside the Trump administration, we will continue to promote pro-growth policies to help strengthen our economy.
@IFDA As we celebrate #SmallBusinessWeek, I am proud to support policies that enable the U.S. foodservice distribution industry to create well-paying jobs, grow their businesses, and contribute to our local communities. Your favorite local restaurant relies on foodservice distributors!
Thank you @IFDA for recently giving me the Thomas Jefferson Award for my support of policies that enable the U.S. foodservice distribution industry to continue to provide a safe efficient supply chain of food - playing a crucial role in our nation's infrastructure.
RT @HouseSmallBiz: Happy National #SmallBusinessWeek to our nation's 30 million small businesses, entrepreneurs, and innovators. When Ameri…
We must all do our part to minimize the number of drugs in our communities. Read more about National Prescription Take-Back day in this week’s #BlainesBulletin →
TOMORROW is National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day – providing an opportunity to safely dispose of unwanted or unneeded prescription medicines. Please visit to locate a collection site near you.
Congratulations to my former colleague, Mike Pompeo, on his confirmation to be our next Secretary of State. I am confident he will serve our nation well.
This morning President Emmanuel Macron will address a joint meeting of Congress. Click here to watch President Macron’s address LIVE at approximately 9:15 a.m. →
Today I had the opportunity to update bankers from across the nation on our ongoing legislative efforts to provide much-needed regulatory relief. Thanks for having me! #ABASummit
Nearly 6,000 Missourians proudly serve in the U.S. Army Reserve. On this day, we wish a very happy 110th birthday to the @USArmyReserve! #USARBirthday110
Please join me in keeping Deputy Shoemate’s loved ones in your thoughts and prayers.
