I voted to pass the For the People Act yesterday -- an historic bill that goes after big money in our politics, strengthens ethics laws, eliminates partisan gerrymandering, and more. We must renew people's faith in our democracy. More: #ForThePeople
Fighting for equal pay, affordable child care, and reproductive rights is not only a fight for women's rights, it's a fight for human rights. Gender should never be a barrier to anyone's success. #InternationalWomensDay
RT @UCDavisEM: Happy #InternationalWomensDay⁠ ⁠to all the amazing women that represent UC Davis Department of Emergency Medicine!
I just voted to pass H.R. 1, the For the People Act, on the House floor. This historic bill fights big money in politics, strengthens ethics laws, eliminates partisan gerrymandering, and more – putting your needs ahead of special interests. #ForthePeople
I’ve long made it my priority to Make Government Work for Sacramento County. That means making sure Congress serves you and places your needs ahead of special interests. #ForThePeople
This bill fights big money in our politics, protects the voting rights of every eligible citizen, and eliminates partisan gerrymandering – just to name a few of its historic and commonsense reforms. #ForThePeople
This week, I’m proud to join with my colleagues in the new House majority in considering H.R. 1 – the For the People Act. #ForThePeople
I look forward to working in a bipartisan way whenever possible to strengthen America’s security and leadership abroad.
I was honored to recently chair the Foreign Affairs Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee for the first time. This is crucial for reasserting Congress’s role in foreign policy.
I introduced bipartisan legislation last week to rollback a harmful health insurance tax. This would prevent unaffordable premium increases and save the average family $470 per family in 2020. We should pass this bill today.
This week I voted for bipartisan legislation to protect 2.4 million acres of wildlands, including right here in CA. It permanently authorizes one of our most crucial conservation initiatives, the Land and Water Conservation Fund. This bill is a big win for CA future generations
Thanks to everyone who came to my town hall last week in Folsom! Listening to you is my most important job. If you weren’t able to make it, feel free to contact me to share your views or ask a question:
It was an incredible honor to Chair the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations for the first time this week. This is a great privilege, and I will use this platform to strengthen our security and ensure America remains globally competitive.
No one should ever fear dropping off their children at school. That's why today I was glad to vote for bipartisan legislation to ensure universal background checks for gun sales. We must take this commonsense step to keep our communities safe.
Our first hearing is titled: America’s Global Leadership – Why Diplomacy and Development Matter.
This is an incredible privilege, and I will use this platform to strengthen our security and ensure America remains globally competitive.
Today, I am honored to Chair the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations for the first time.
Tomorrow my staff will be at the Orangevale Library from 10AM to noon to help you with backlogged veterans benefits, Social Security and Medicare issues, stalled tax refunds, and much more. Learn more and RSVP:
I voted to reject the President’s unnecessary emergency declaration. Our Constitution has a clear separation of powers – Congress decides how to appropriate taxpayer money. Both parties should support border security and our Constitution.
President Trump’s plan to gut Planned Parenthood funding is outrageous. A woman’s health care decisions must remain between her and her doctor. Washington politicians have no place in the exam room.
In case you missed it, I’m holding a Town Hall this evening at the Folsom Public Library. This is an opportunity to give you an update and talk about the issues that matter most to Sacramento County. Space is limited - learn more and RSVP here:
I’m holding a Town Hall tomorrow evening at the Folsom Public Library. This is an opportunity to give you an update and talk about the issues that matter most to Sacramento County. Space is limited - learn more and RSVP here:
Happy Presidents’ Day!
Need help? My staff will be at the Fair Oaks Library on Tuesday from 10:00 AM to 12:00 noon to help you with backlogged veterans benefits, Social Security issues, stalled tax refunds, and so much else. Learn more and RSVP:
I’m honored to serve you in the new House Majority. As we move forward, I want to know about your priorities. Please take my survey if you haven’t already:
The president has overstepped his authority by taking money away from the military and counternarcotics efforts. Congress must reassert its authority. This is unacceptable.In his announcement, the president said, “I didn’t need do this.” I agree.
Today we celebrate Susan B. Anthony, one of America’s most prominent heroes for equal rights. Women’s rights are human rights and we must continue the struggle for full equality.
My thoughts are with the victims and their families today. America stands with the Indian people and strongly condemns this senseless violence.
Wishing my lovely wife Janine a Happy Valentine’s Day!
In the aftermath of tragedy, students at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School turned their grief into a movement. I admire their courage. With the new House Majority, we can finally take steps to stop gun violence. I am proud to cosponsor  H.R. 8 to expand background checks.
I was honored to support the bipartisan Clay Hunt Act, which became law three years ago today. This law ensures our veterans get the mental health care and support they need. If you’re a veteran or servicemember who needs help, please call the Veterans Crisis Line: 1-800-273-8255
29 years ago today, Nelson Mandela was freed from prison. May we all continue to learn from his heroic struggle for equality and justice against apartheid.
President Trump’s relentless push to sabotage our health care system and gut protections for those with pre-existing conditions is wrong. We need solutions to fix the law and make it better, not more politics.
I’m honored to serve in a new House Majority. This is an opportunity to recommit ourselves to finding common ground and making a positive impact in people’s lives. Please take my survey so I can better serve you:
Learn more about it here:
The United States is the world leader in science and technology, but our global leadership is at risk without continued federal investment. The Committee’s work will be critical for our nation’s economic competitiveness and the health and safety of our families.
I’m honored to have been elected as the Vice Chairman of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology.
Today we celebrate the birthday of an American hero – Rosa Parks. Her dedication to justice and equality made America stronger. We must continue to follow her example to form a more perfect union. #BlackHistoryMonth
Learn more:
I’ve always believed that the United States has a duty to lead the world through our example. We have an obligation to confront pressing international issues, build partnerships, and work in a bipartisan manner to strengthen our national security.
I am honored to now chair the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations.
My staff will be at the Folsom library tomorrow from 10 AM to noon to help you with backlogged veterans’ benefits, Social Security and Medicare issues, and so much else. Learn more and RSVP:
Today I stopped by the Elk Grove Food Bank to thank them for supporting federal employees and their families during the government shutdown. I’m glad an agreement has been reached. Now, it’s time for Congress to get to work and make sure we avoid another crisis.
As of today, I’ve voted 11 times to reopen the government. I’ll keep doing everything I can to end this crisis and support our community. #EndTheShutdownNow
Thanks to everyone who took part in my telephone town hall last night. So many folks are rightfully frustrated. We need to end this shutdown before even more families are hurt.
This government shutdown is hurting real families in our district. I want to hear from you. Please take my survey – is shutting the government a responsible way to negotiate? Click here: #EndTheShutdownNow
I’ve voted repeatedly to open the government because families are getting hurt. It’s time to
Today is the 46th anniversary of #RoeVWade. I support this landmark ruling because, as a physician, I know that a woman’s health care decisions are between her and her doctor. #7in10ForRoe
Today we celebrate the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King. We must continue the struggle for equality and a more perfect union. In that spirit, here are places where you can contribute to our community on this national day of service: #MLK2019
We must #EndTheShutDownNow and I’ll keep doing everything I can to reopen the government.
It was heartbreaking to hear their stories and how so many folks in Sacramento County are needlessly being harmed.
I’ve had the privilege of recently meeting with Air Traffic Controllers, members of the Coast Guard, Small Business Administration employees, and others who’ve been hurt by this irresponsible shutdown.
I voted three more times this week to end the government shutdown. And I’ve heard from so many who are now struggling to put food on the table and pay their mortgages. We must end this shutdown and pay our federal workers. #EndTheShutdownNow
We must end this government shutdown before more families are hurt. It’s wrong to keep prolonging this crisis for political posturing.
Happy Birthday Michelle Obama!
A woman’s health decisions are between her and her doctor. Proud to stand with @PPFA and my congressional colleagues to pushback against the Trump Administration’s attacks on women’s health care.
We must end this government shutdown immediately. Families shouldn’t have their tax refunds put at risk over needless political posturing.
We must protect Americans with pre-existing conditions. That’s why I recently voted to stop a partisan lawsuit that would repeal the Affordable Care Act and kick millions of their health insurance. #ProtectOurCare
We need to end this irresponsible shutdown immediately, which is why I've voted for bipartisan legislation to reopen the government. Are you being harmed by the shutdown? Please share your story with me here:
We need to reopen the government immediately and then have a serious, bipartisan discussion on comprehensive immigration reform. 3/ [END]
This is unacceptable. Risking the safety of our region and local economy for political posturing is wrong. 2/
This shutdown has brought needless hardship to thousands of American families. Now, news reports indicate President Trump could declare a national emergency and take funds from Sacramento’s flood safety projects – including the Folsom Dam upgrades. 1/
Yesterday and again today I voted to reopen the government. We need to stop this unnecessary shutdown before even more people get hurt. The Senate should vote on this legislation immediately.
President Trump threatened to withhold FEMA disaster funding from California today. After our state suffered its most devastating wildfire season, that’s inexcusable. What makes America great is that we come together to help our fellow neighbors.
What’s disgraceful is a president who doesn’t show compassion for the thousands of families impacted by California’s devastating wildfires. It will take years to recover. These Americans deserve our help, not cruelty.
What’s disgraceful is a president who doesn’t show compassion for the thousands of families impacted by California’s devastating wildfires. It will take years to recover. These Americans deserve our help — not cruelty.
This government shutdown is hurting real Americans and we should open the government before more people get hurt. The Senate should immediately vote on the bipartisan legislation the House passed to end this shutdown. 
Governing from crisis to crisis is irresponsible and this shutdown was completely avoidable. The new House Majority passed bipartisan legislation to reopen the government yesterday. The Senate should vote on this legislation immediately.
Happy New Year!
Are you a veteran in Sacramento County who needs help with backlogged benefits or health care? My office has now helped more than 2,600 service members and veterans – and we’d be honored to serve you too.
Eleven years ago today, Congress passed the largest funding increase in history for veterans' health care. A milestone, but we have much work to do. If you or someone you know needs help with VA or backlogged benefits, please contact my office for help:
Merry Christmas!
As many celebrate Christmas Eve, my thoughts are with our military personnel far away from their loved ones. Thank you to all who serve and sacrifice.
Winter officially begins today! Wishing everyone a great season!
The Montgomery bus boycott ended 62 years ago today, a significant milestone in the struggle for equal rights. We must never give up the struggle for a more perfect union.
As we reflect back on this year, I’m grateful my staff and I were able to help make a positive impact in the lives of Sacramento County families. It’s an incredible honor to serve you in Congress.
Remember – if you don’t have health insurance through your job, you can still sign up on Covered California until January 15th! It’s the only place where you can claim federal financial help that may lower your premiums or out of pocket costs:
Six years ago, we lost 26 children and staff members at Sandy Hook Elementary. In their memory, we must renew the fight for commonsense gun laws to keep our communities safe. #SandyHook
Our children deserve to be taught the skills they need to be successful, not just how to take tests. That’s why I voted for the bipartisan Every Student Succeeds Act that became law three years ago today – replacing the one size fits all No Child Left Behind Act.
Don’t forget! My office is hosting a tax workshop on Thursday to help local businesses navigate the new federal tax law. Get answers to your questions, connect with federal agency representatives, and much more. RSVP:
Today we remember the attack on Pearl Harbor, which began America's involvement in World War II. Thank you to our World War II veterans and all who have served our country.
My office is hosting a tax help workshop to help individuals and businesses navigate the new federal tax law. My office is always here to help our businesses grow and hire – please click to learn more and RSPV now!
President George H.W. Bush was an American hero who served our country in many, many ways. Today, I joined my congressional colleagues and the Bush family to mourn and pay our respects. #Remembering41
I am deeply saddened to hear about the passing of former President George H.W. Bush. He served our country with distinction and grace. My thoughts are with the entire Bush family today.
After such a tragedy, I’m heartened to see Sacramento County come together and help our fellow Californians. Thank you to all who continue to help with the recovery efforts.
Congratulations to @NASA for the successful InSight landing! As Ranking Member on the Space Subcommittee, I’m thrilled America is continuing to explore Mars and our solar
It’s Small Business Saturday! Remember to support small businesses and shop locally! #SmallBizSaturday #ShopSmall
Staying in touch is a core part of my job. Join my email updates for the latest news and local events to help you and your family:
Happy Thanksgiving!
I’m heartbroken by the wildfires raging through our state. My website has resources that may be able to help you or someone you know. Please feel free to share this information with anyone who may need it:
I’m heartbroken by the wildfires raging through our state. Please see my website for more information on resources that can help:
Thanks to everyone who attended my office’s tax workshop! My office is here to help you however we can!
As a doctor, I’m very concerned about the ongoing poor air quality in our region. Please take care and limit your outdoor activity when possible.
My heart goes out to everyone who has been impacted by the wildfires raging in our state. If you or someone you know needs help, click here to learn about resources that may be available — including air quality information:
To all of Sacramento County’s veterans, thank you. #VeteransDay
This weekend we come together to celebrate Veterans Day. To all of our veterans – thank you for your service. If you or someone you know is a veteran who needs help with benefits or health care, please call us at (916) 635-0505 or visit to learn more.
My thoughts are with the firefighters, first responders, and the people of Paradise today who have been impacted by the Camp fire. Please stay safe and be mindful of the air quality, especially if you have a respiratory condition.
My office is committed to Making Government Work for Sacramento County. If you need help with the federal government, call us at (916) 635-0505 or visit
Today is Election Day! Regardless of how you to vote – this is your opportunity to make sure government represents you. Learn more here:
Instead of gutting the Affordable Care Act and protections for those with pre-existing conditions, we should fix what isn’t working and make it better. See my Prescription to Protect our Care:
Tomorrow is Election Day! Regardless of how you choose to vote, this is your opportunity to make your voice heard. Learn more at
My job is to serve you, regardless of the politics, to make a positive impact in our community. Here’s how my office has delivered for local families:
Kicking millions off their insurance is not an option. We need bipartisan solutions to fix what isn’t working and make it better. Read my Prescription to #ProtectOurCare:
As a doctor, I know firsthand that health care shouldn’t be about politics – it should be about putting patients first.
Making Government Work for Sacramento County means making a positive impact in people’s lives. Here’s how my office has helped local families:
I am proud to stand with Planned Parenthood. A woman’s health care decisions belong between her and her doctor.
I supported the first bipartisan plan to improve the Affordable Care Act. We should protect people with pre-existing conditions, lower costs, and expand access to health care. See my plan here:
I supported the first bipartisan plan to improve the Affordable Care Act. We should protect people with pre-existing conditions, lower costs, and expand access to health care. See my plan here:
Instead of cutting Social Security and Medicare to pay for billionaire tax cuts, we should honor the promises we’ve made to our parents and grandparents. Here’s how my office has served local seniors in a new report:
When we work together, I know we can lower health care costs, create jobs, and protect Social Security and Medicare. It’s time to focus on people – not politics.
Everyone deserves to get ahead in our economy – with new jobs and higher paychecks. Here’s how my office has delivered for Sacramento County families:
Let’s stop the nonsense of trying to gut the Affordable Care Act. It’s time to come together and protect those with pre-existing conditions. #ProtectOurCare
America succeeds when we come together and work towards a more perfect union.
#HappyHalloween!
As a doctor who’s cared for veterans, I’ve seen their sacrifices firsthand. We owe them nothing less than our unwavering support. Learn more about how I’m working to make our community better in my new report:
Seniors have paid into Social Security and Medicare their whole lives. They deserve a secure retirement.
We can’t go back to the time when being a woman was pre-existing condition. Instead of President Trump’s attempts to gut the Affordable Care Act and weaken protections for pre-existing conditions, it’s time to fix what isn’t working and make it better:
There’s no place in the exam room for politics. That why I’m fighting to make sure the government doesn’t interfere in the doctor-patient relationship.
My job is to serve you, regardless of politics, and make a positive impact in people’s lives. See my new special report on how my staff and I have delivered results for local families:
Serving you is what Making Government Work for Sacramento County is all about. Staff is holding its next office hours on Tue at the Folsom library from 10:00 AM to noon to help w/ backlogged vets benefits, Social Security and Medicare issues, and more:
Hatred and bigotry have no place in America. My heart goes out to the victims, their families, our heroic first responders, and the Jewish community. We stand with you.
Don't forget - Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day! Please see where you can drop off your unused or expired prescriptions: #TakeBackDay
The opioid epidemic is impacting thousands of communities and too many Americans have lost their lives from opioid overdoses. Tomorrow is is National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day – please see where you can drop off your unused or expired prescriptions:
If you’re uninsured or would like a plan that works better for you, Covered California may be able to help. You can shop for different insurance plans, explore your options, and possibly find a better plan. Learn more:
You don’t need to be a doctor to know that gutting the Affordable Care Act is wrong. That would kick millions off their health care and cause prices to skyrocket. We need to fix what isn’t working and make it better. #ProtectOurCare 7/ [End]
"My son just turned 2. I am back on my feet with a great job where I’ve been for the past year and a half. Life happens and we all face curveballs, but when it comes to healthcare, no one should go bankrupt.” 6/
"I know without the ACA, I probably would have incurred huge medical bills that I’d still be paying off." 5/
"I am a college educated, tax paying, productive member of society…but sometimes, even when you plan ahead, life throws you a curveball and you find yourself in unpreventable circumstances." 4/
"During the incredibly stressful time of preparing for the baby, losing my only source of income, and trying to find healthcare, I was so thankful to have coverage through the ACA." 3/
“When I lost my job 9 months pregnant with my first child, the ACA was the only affordable option available to me." 2/
THREAD: Elizabeth from Sacramento shared her Affordable Care Act story with my office. I’d like to share it with you. #ProtectOurCare 1/
President Trump’s relentless push to gut protections for those with preexisting conditions is wrong. Washington should stop playing politics with people’s lives and work together to fix health care.
Rail manufacturers like Siemens  support thousands of good-paying jobs in our community. It was great to visit and hear from your workforce!
RT @CAFarmBureau: Thanks to Rep. Ami Bera for visiting Sutter Home vineyards in Sacramento County to discuss the status of harvest and pote…
Great to meet with Mira Loma High School’s Future Business Leaders today.Supporting the next generation of entrepreneurs means empowering small businesses and helping students afford college. Thanks for a great meeting!
Thank you to Sutter Home and the Sacramento County Farm Bureau for a tour of your vineyards today! It was great to discuss tariffs and trade. Too many California farmers are being hurt by President Trump’s misguided trade policies.
As a doctor, I took an oath to do good and do no harm. The Affordable Care Act isn’t perfect, but 20 million Americans now have health care thanks to the law. Let’s fix it and make it better, not kick millions off their insurance. #ProtectOurCare
Code for Folsom is a fantastic two-day cybersecurity bootcamp for young students. Thank you to Intel for sponsoring this important event to expose our kids to coding and these 21st century jobs!
I just got my flu shot at Walgreens. The flu is a very serious disease and it’s incredibly important we protect the health of our community. Go get your #FluShot today!
Millions of Americans have health care thanks to the Affordable Care Act’s Medicaid expansion – including families, seniors, and people with disabilities. Gutting the Affordable Care Act isn’t a solution, it only makes matters worse. #ProtectOurCare
I wanted to share some great news: As of today, my office has officially helped more than 11,000 constituents in Sacramento County! That includes returning nearly $5.5 million to local taxpayers.Learn more and see how you may be able to get help:
As a doctor, I took an oath to do good and do no harm. President Trump’s relentless push to gut the Affordable Care Act is wrong – it means fewer people with insurance and higher costs. Let’s fix what isn’t working and make it better:
Thank you Starbucks for a great opportunity to serve customers! I now know how to make a mean pumpkin spice latte. — AB
Need help? My staff is hosting new office hours at the Arden Dimick library tomorrow from 10:00 AM to noon to help people with Social Security and Medicare issues, backlogged veterans benefits, and more. Learn more and RSVP:
Great to spend yesterday with California Veterans at the 30th anniversary the CA Vietnam Veterans Memorial.Thank you to Purple Heart recipients Rev. Bill McDonald and Pete Conaty for your service and work in our community!
Sacramento’s Take Back the Night is about standing with women. I’m proud to support organizations like Planned Parenthood who do just that.
Great to stop by Consumnes Fire Station 71 today! First responders like Officer Schamber protect our communities everyday. That’s why I introduced the HERO Act to help study and respond to mental health challenges among first responders.
This morning I judged the Wilton Community Fair’s Rooster Crow Contest! Thanks to all who came out to this wonderful event!
We have a choice. Instead of gutting the Affordable Care Act and supporting a huge tax giveaway to billionaires, we should work together to help everyone get ahead. We need an economy where everyone can succeed.
Seniors rely on Medicare and Social Security and they’ve paid into these programs their entire lives. We should honor that promise and protect these vital programs.
RT @CARE: "Women deserve lives where they can get an education and live free from violence and forced marriage. The U.S. helps thousands of…
Love is love. #NationalComingOutDay
So many Americans rely on the Affordable Care Act’s protections. We cannot take these benefits away. It’s time Congress stop the games and put patients before politics. #ProtectOurCare [End]
“After the Affordable Care Act, I cannot recall the last [charity case] because it has been so long since we had to accept someone without any insurance whatsoever. Please keep our neighbors insured.” #ProtectOurCare 5/
“It was a terrible feeling trying to cram everything she would need to know over the next 2 months into 2 visits. That was before the ACA. The incidence of charity cases went way down after that.” #ProtectOurCare 4/
"I recall a woman who had a terrible fracture to her leg, compound and comminuted, non-weight bearing post op x 6–8 weeks. She could only afford 2 visits because she had no coverage.” #ProtectOurCare 3/
She wrote to me: “We used to have patients who had no insurance, but needed home care. We took them as charity cases.” #ProtectOurCare 2/
One of my constituents, Tracy, lives in Carmichael and works for a local home health and hospice provider. I wanted to share her story with you – and how the Affordable Care Act helped patients get the care they needed. #ProtectOurCare 1/
Instead of more partisan games, we need to fix what isn’t working in health care and make it better: #ProtectOurCare
Right now dozens of volunteers in Rancho Cordova are planting trees across the community. It was great being with you all this morning!
Great to be with Carver High School this morning planting trees all across Rancho Cordova! Giving back to the community is so important — thank you to all the volunteers who came out!
Today is National Manufacturing Day!Thank you to Manager Tim Schaefer for a great tour of Ceratzit in Rancho Cordova! Ceratizit manufactures carbide milling tools for companies all around the world. #ManufacturingDay
Today we officially opened the Mather Heritage Trail in Rancho Cordova! This bike-path and walkway is a fantastic addition to our community.Thank you to the City of Rancho Cordova and Sacramento County for all your work!
This is Domestic Violence Awareness Month. If you or someone you know needs help, please call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-7233 or visit them online at
A woman’s right to make her own health decisions is one of the most personal individual liberties. #ProtectOurCare
On this day in 1967, Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall swore his oath to begin serving on the court. We must continue our fight for fairness and justice in our Judicial Branch – where everyone’s rights are protected equally and fairly.
One year ago today, 58 people tragically lost their lives in Las Vegas. As we remember the victims of yet another mass shooting, we must do more to prevent gun violence and keep guns from getting into dangerous hands.
As a doctor who’s cared for many seniors, I’m committed to honoring the promises we’ve made to our parents and grandparents. We must protect Social Security and Medicare from drastic cuts.
My office has now helped nearly 2,500 local veterans and servicemembers – and we’d be honored to help you, too. Please see how we may be able to help you with backlogged benefits, health care, and more:
Congress is broken. That’s why the Problem Solvers Caucus unveiled a plan to break the gridlock. This set of reforms will promote openness, encourage folks to reach across the aisle, and empower lawmakers to find real solutions to our most pressing issues.
Instead of gutting the Affordable Care Act - kicking millions off their health care w/ skyrocketing costs- we need real solutions to actually make a positive impact in people's lives. See my Prescription to Protect Our Care to fix the ACA make it better:
President Trump’s relentless push to gut the Affordable Care Act is wrong – it hurts women and families. Going backwards is not an option. #ProtectOurCare
When you talk with doctors, the message is pretty simple: women should make their own health care decisions – and Washington politicians should stay out of the exam room. #ProtectOurCare
The Affordable Care Act’s Patient’s Bill of Rights began taking effect eight years ago today. It’s time to fix the law and make it better – not go backwards. #ProtectOurCare
Thank you to St. Mark’s United Methodist and Reverend Jones for hosting Rep. Jim Clyburn in Sacramento today. It was great to spend Sunday with you.
The Patient’s Bill of Rights went into effect eight years ago today, giving patients crucial new protections. Gutting the Affordable Care Act would take these protections away – and that can’t be allowed to happen. #ProtectOurCare
Thank you to the Elk Grove American Legion Post 233 for hosting their POW-MIA Recognition Day. To all those who serve, thank you. And to those who have yet to come home, you are never forgotten.
We owe first responders our full support, especially when they face higher rates of suicide. That’s why I introduced the HERO Act – to make mental health care and resources more available to our police officers, firefighters, and emergency personnel.
On this day in 1862, President Lincoln issued a preliminary version of the Emancipation Proclamation – which began the process of abolishing slavery. We must continue our journey towards fulfilling our highest ideals and what makes America truly great.
Calling all future programmers and app developers! We’re inviting Sacramento County middle school and high school students in the 7th congressional district to participate in this year’s exciting Congressional App Challenge! Learn more here:
Recently I introduced a new bill – the HERO Act – to make mental health counseling and resources more available for our first responders. They do an incredible job keeping our communities safe. Learn more here:
Today, we commemorate National Prisoner of War and Missing in Action Recognition Day. We must never forget all who have served, and those who have yet to return.
President Trump is relentlessly pushing to gut the Affordable Care Act – and that can’t be allowed to happen. This isn’t a time to go backwards. See my plan to fix what isn’t working and make it better:
When Americans are in danger, it’s the job of the federal government to keep everyone safe. One year after Hurricane Maria, the people of Puerto Rico deserve much better. We cannot abandon our fellow Americans.
Washington politicians like President Trump have no place in the exam room. A woman’s right to make her own health decisions is one of the most personal individual liberties.
Eight years ago today, President Obama repealed the discriminatory policy of “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell.” We must continue to push for equality and fundamental fairness for all Americans – regardless of who they love.
Police officers, firefighters, and first responders have higher rates of suicide. That’s why I introduced the HERO Act to make more mental health care and resources available. See coverage of this important bill here:
Health care isn’t about politics – it’s about people. Instead of kicking families off their health care and driving up costs by gutting the Affordable Care Act, we should fix what isn’t working and make it better: #ProtectOurCare
Don't forget - my office is hosting a Service Academy Information Night this evening to help local young people navigate the application process to our nation's military service academies. Learn more and RSVP here now:
Alzheimer’s Disease remains one of the leading causes of death in America. My office is hosting its 3rd annual Brain Health Forum on Thursday to connect folks with local resources and help. Learn more RSVP now:
Every year, I’m privileged to nominate bright and hardworking students to attend our nation’s military service academies. Hosting a Service Academy Information Night on Tuesday to help local young people navigate the application process. RSVP here:
In Case You Missed It: This past Labor Day, I joined local unions and the AFL-CIO at Sacramento Loaves and Fishes. Helping others was a wonderful way to honor the working men and women of this country.
55 years ago today the Klu Klux Klan bombed the 16th Street Baptist Church in Birmingham. Let us remember the 4 bright young girls who tragically lost their lives – Addie, Denise, Carole, and Cynthia. Bigotry hate have no place in America we must speak out against it.
Pres. Trump is pushing to gut the Affordable Care Act – which would kick millions off their insurance drive up costs. This is wrong- we need to fix what isn’t working make it better. See my Prescription to Protect Our Care for real solutions:
The Violence Against Women Act became law 24 years ago today. One of my first acts in Congress was voting to reauthorize the law, making it stronger and providing more resources to stop violence. No woman or family should have to live in the shadow of abuse.
The Violence Against Women Act became law 24 years ago today. No woman or family should have to live in fear or abuse. That’s why I’ve been a strong champion of this law – voting to reauthorize and strengthen it, and pushing to fund its programs.
26 years ago today, Dr. Mae Jemison became the first African American woman to go into space. As the Ranking Member of the Space Subcommittee, I continue to be inspired by her pioneering work and by what an incredible role model she is for all Americans.
May we never forget those who were lost 17 years ago. My thoughts continue to be with the victims’ families and our brave firefighters, police, first responders, and military. #NeverForget
September is National Suicide Prevention Month.The HERO Act encourages mental health awareness and provides more resources for police, fire, emergency personnel. This is a commonsense bill that can make a huge difference.
Today we unveiled the Helping Emergency Responders Overcome (HERO) Act.Thank you to Police Chief Hahn, Fire Chief Johnson, Fire Chief McLaughlin, and IAFF Metro VP Jamison for attending today.
