This week, @housesciencegop held a hearing on "Maintaining US Leadership in Science and Tech." It's imperative that we limit access to our nation’s intellectual property from our adversaries. I'll continue working to maintain US leadership in this arena.
@CandaceFlan @Kortney777 @joncoopertweets @funder This list is WRONG. Though this toothless resolution did nothing to meaningfully address the source of the hateful comments which made this conversation necessary in the first place, I voted for the resolution condemning hate. See the vote here:
I’m sad to hear of the passing of former U.S. Congressman, WWII pilot fellow Texan Ralph Hall. He served in the U.S. House of Reps for 34 yrs in 2015 became the oldest sitting member in history at the age of 91. His dedication to public service will live on with his legacy.
2011-18 when Dems were in minority, @HouseGOP voted on 384 Pelosi-led motions to recommit (MTRs or "minority's motions"). Although ALL 384 of Pelosi's MTRs failed, Republicans let voters know where we stood. Dems are chicken to do the same so they may BLOCK tough votes? Boo hoo!
@HouseDemocrats don't like choosing b/w their folks at home and party bosses in DC, so they may change 100+yo House rules and BLOCK tough votes. I've drafted a template letter for Dems wanting to articulate their true position to Nancy. #MTRs @HouseGOP 
Dems' blocked all GOP amendments to their HR1. Itll take your hard earned $ to pad pockets of candidates you may oppose. Do you want your $ used for gun control, Green New Deal, govt takeover of private healthcare infanticide? Who does their bill protect—you or Dem politicians?
CONTRAST: last Congress, @HouseGOP’s H.R. 1 passed/signed by @POTUS is keeping Uncle Sam out of your wallet. Tax Cuts Jobs Act has added millions of new jobs, brought corporations back to US, helped small businesses expand ensured bonuses for thousands of American workers.
Want a contrast between parties? @HouseDemocrats’ top priority, HR1, is a government takeover of political campaigns disguised as "transparency". It would siphon billions of taxpayer $s away from roads/bridges, armed forces etc to politicians/consultants weaken 1st amendment.
Today marks 183 yrs since the Alamo fell to Santa Anna’s Mexican forces after a 13-day siege. The heroic actions of these 189 Texians and all who sacrificed their lives fighting for freedom and independence from a tyrannical government will never be forgotten. Remember the Alamo!
The U.S. is breaking records! Unfortunately, this isn’t one we want. Last month more than 76K illegal immigrants crossed our southern border. This crisis is real growing. We must support law enforcement end immigration loopholes like catch and release.
RT @RodneyDavis: Your taxes shouldn’t be lining politicians’ pockets. #HR1 would give up to $4.3 million dollars of taxpayers’ money to eve…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Just a few moments ago, I signed an EO addressing one of our nation’s most heartbreaking tragedies: VETERANS SUICIDE.…
Atlas Air Flight 3591 investigations continue at the crash site outside Anahuac, TX and in Washington. The cargo jet crash landed in the muddy marshland of Trinity Bay Saturday, Feb. 23. Thanks to all working to get to the bottom of this tragedy.
Why are states like Cali siding w criminal aliens over Americans? 3,400+ of these 5,600 requests by feds were against illegal criminal aliens charged w homicide, kidnapping, sexual assault drug trafficking. The consequences of this grandstanding are
Rejecting something as evil as infanticide should not be a bipartisan issue. I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to support this discharge petition and let the House vote to end the murder of abortion survivors.
RT @SBAList: Your size doesn't determine your value."Record-breaking" preemie weighing as much as an onion at birth goes home healthy: ht…
NTSB investigators have retrieved the Atlas Air Flight 3581 flight data recorder. Hopefully this will help shed light on what caused this tragic incident. My staff and I will continue to work w/ officials on the case.
RT @TXRandy14: On this day 226 years ago, the first president of the Republic of Texas was born! Happy Birthday, Sam Houston, and Happy Tex…
The 59 delegates who signed this document sought the freedom to form their own system of government. Texans took up arms to defend their freedom, and many died fighting for their right to self-govern. The Republic of Texas would join the United States in 1845 as the 28th state.
Today we celebrate Texas Independence Day, the anniversary of the adoption of the Texas Declaration of Independence on March 2, 1836. Happy birthday, Texas!
This brazen attack on law enforcement showcases the danger an unsecured border poses to Americans across our nation, not just at border. God bless law enforcement men women who defend our homes, families and communities. They are as much at risk by an unsecure border as anyone.
Why do law enforcement agents across the US want to ensure we know who is crossing our border? This brave Sherriff’s Deputy survived an attack on her life by a twice-deported illegal immigrant during a routine traffic stop HUNDREDS of miles from the
RT @RepRickCrawford: The democrat's Green New Deal phase 2 #GreenNewDeal #GreenNewDisaster
It’s an honor to receive the Family Research Council's “True Blue” award for promoting pro-family values. Ensuring that all human life is valued, Americans prosper, and religious liberty thrives remain top priorities of mine.
It’s simply inconsistent with American values. We must give a voice to those who cannot yet speak for themselves – the unborn – and the fact that this enormous responsibility continues to be ignored is not only inhumane, it’s immoral.
Tomorrow we will ask again, but it is extremely disturbing that providing medical care to infants that survive an attempted abortion is not important enough to even allow a vote. These radical beliefs and blatant disregard for human life is not what Americans want or believe.
Today marks the tenth time that Republicans have asked for unanimous consent to consider the Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act in the House, and for the tenth time Democrats have refused to allow a vote to protect the lives of innocent children.
While its doubtful Democrats allow a spending bill addressing our growing national debt to move forward, I will continue advocating for responsible spending of taxpayer funds for as long as I am in Washington.
Unfortunately, even as our national debt its threat to future generations have ballooned, too few in Washington are willing to take tough votes necessary to curb spending protect our solvency. We MUST recognize the threat associated with a $22 TRILLION and growing debt.
Proud to join @RepAndyBiggs res. recognizing our $22T debt is a national security threat. I’ve voted for several responsible budgets that prioritize necessary spending, eliminate waste end programs inappropriate for federal government expenditures.
RT @GOP: “With his bold new tack in dealing with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, we are closer to discovering a path to peace than we’ve b…
RT @TPPATexas: TPPA board members our exec director were warmly welcomed to Washington office of @RepBrianBabin today during @publicpower…
For years grants have gone to orgs like Planned Parenthood. No taxpayer should be forced to pay for abortions. Rule reinstates program's true goal, ensures no more funds promote, counsel or refer clients to abortion services as a means of family planning. TY for defending unborn!
With @POTUS finalizing the Protect Life rule, we can return Title X Family Planning Program to original purpose of awarding grants to state health depts/family planning clinics for health ed screenings, infertility services counseling.
I discussed the national emergency declaration w Liz McDonald on @EveningEdit. Congress gave Presidents the leeway to define a national emergency. @POTUS would have preferred Congress do its job but this had to be done. This is a national security crisis.
RT @WhiteHouse: Since 1949, America and our allies have been engaged in a high-stakes effort to confront the threat from North Korea. The…
RT @TransportGOP:
The bold new tack @POTUS has taken in dealing with North Korea has led to progress that was unthinkable little more than 2 years ago. We have a long way to go, but threats have stopped there is now hope for a path to peace. Read my @usatoday piece here:
TX Game Wardens escorted me from the ops center w/ Chambers Co Commissioner Jimmy Gore to the crash site. Also met w/ NTSB FBI agents trying to determine the cause of the crash which took the lives of the three aircrew members. Our thoughts prayers remain w/ their families.
Yesterday I visited the site of the tragic Atlas Air Flight 3581 crash near Anahuac, TX, in Trinity Bay. I met with numerous hardworking first responders from Chambers Co. Sheriff's Office, Texas Parks and Wildlife, Texas Dept. of Public Safety, the Texas Rangers and many others.
Sad news today with a cargo jet crashing in our district. My staff and I have been in touch with local and federal officials and will continue following and helping where we can. Here is my statement:
I’m glad to join my colleagues in sending a letter of support to Secretary Perdue for implementing several common-sense reforms that would help restore the SNAP program’s integrity and place more of the American people back in the work force. Click to
Over the decades, the SNAP program’s true purpose has been heavily abused. With our thriving economy and historic-low unemployment, the American people now have more opportunity than ever before to be self-sufficient.
America will always lend a helping hand to its citizens who have fallen on difficult times – that was the purpose of our SNAP program when it was created. Its intention was to be a short-term hand up – not a permanent way of life.
57 years ago, astronaut John Glenn made history by being the first American to orbit Earth. Later, he served in the Senate for 25 years and made history again in 1998 as the oldest astronaut to travel into space - this time orbiting Earth in the Space Shuttle Discovery for 9 days
Is the border crisis real? Ask Obama’s former border patrol chief. This is a serious national security problem that too many in Washington are willing to sweep under the rug for political gain.
Here's my statement on my vote against the conference report. This bill takes us in the wrong direction on border security.
Like @POTUS tells our adversaries abroad, “all options are on the table” when it comes to evaluating other paths to secure border. Regardless of what happens w/ spending deal, we'll continue making case for walls/barriers, technological advances boots on the ground at border.
What if we had a proven, bipartisan solution to prevent violence that could actually pass Congress? Days after #Parkland, a friend retired U.S. Secret Service agent called me: “I know why these tragedies keep happening, and I know how we can stop them.”
Thank you @GovRonDeSantis for your advocacy for threat assessment to stop mass violence. This method is proven to work will save lives in Florida's schools communities. My bipartisan TAPS Act would expand this program to state/local level. Great work!
RT @thehill: GOP Rep. Brian Babin: "A year since Parkland: We have a solution"
The future is now. Threat Assessment is proven to identify and mitigate threats and save lives. My Florida colleagues @RepValDemings and @senmarcorubio joined me this year in introducing the TAPS Act to implement a threat assessment program nationwide.
For too long the process of improving safety and security has taken a backseat to overheated political rhetoric. The TAPS Act recognizes that proactiveness is the key to preventing attacks in our schools and communities.
Today marks one year since the horrific tragedy in Parkland. America cried out for solution – I’ve got one. Take a look at my bipartisan, bicameral solution, the TAPS Act. 
I will always oppose efforts to undermine our ally Israel. It means a lot to me that Gideon Israel, Co-President of Jerusalem-Washington Center, took time to visit with me and hand-deliver this letter of thanks and encouragement.
I’m proud to receive a letter of thanks on behalf of the Mayor City of Hebron for my request to House Cmte Chairs to deny Rep. Tlaib’s proposal to lead a trip to Palestine. Our relationship with Israel, our strongest Middle Eastern ally only democracy in the region, is vital.
How does Congress show its priorities? Well, a good indication is where we spend taxpayer dollars. Clearly the Dems (many who want open borders) are giving lip service re: border/national security. @POTUS has several options to pursue additional funding, and I support him.
We learned so much from the @MarsCuriosity Rover. The scientific advances it gave us will continue to propel @NASA to more groundbreaking discoveries for years to come.
What other secrets besides anti-semitism are radical Democrats unwilling to publicly reveal to voters? @HouseGOP will continue using parliamentary procedures such as motions to recommit and demanding recorded votes to put Dems on record expose their dangerous hypocrisy.
Good advice from one of my constituents!
What do y'all think? I believe my friend @TXRandy14 might be onto something...
So the private sector giving jobs to those "willing to work" is a bad thing?
Thanks @BullsBearsFBN for the great discussion on the proposed spending deal path forward for border security. With Dems giving only lip service to border security, @POTUS is right to pursue additional solutions for the humanitarian security crisis.
This is powerful stuff from my colleague @RogerMarshallMD, an obstetrician who has delivered over 5,000 babies, on the dangers of late-term abortion to mothers.
I'll continue working to pass the bipartisan TAPS Act that will help prevent violence in our schools and communities by identifying and mitigating threats.
What if Congress could provide resources to schools to prevent attacks? My friend, Dr. @ReidMeloy, discusses here the necessity for preventative methods in order to stop attacks, save lives, and rehabilitate those who wish to harm themselves or others.
RT @RonSchouten: There’s a way to address this problem, and the legislation is before Congress right now. Tell your Represenrative and Sena…
We need a safe, lawful immigration system that secures the border and eliminates bad policies that encourage the breaking of our laws. Our current immigration policies incentivize cartels and migrants to game the system. It must be fixed!
My response to the Democrats' radical and socialistic #GreenNewDeal , which promises "a massive transformation of our society" by providing "economic security for all who are unable or unwilling to work":
We join @NASA in remembering the crews of Apollo 1 (Jan 27, 1967), Challenger (Jan 28, 1986), and Columbia (Feb 1, 2003) who were lost while pushing the boundaries of space exploration. Our country has led the world in space because of the sacrifices of so many brave Americans.
Great news for Texas and for Houston, the energy capital of our nation.
RT @RepublicanStudy: .@AOC website promotes off-shore drilling under Energy Issues - the very thing she wants to eliminate with her "Green…
I always enjoy being a part of @kfdmnews' Connect to Congress to give an update from our nation’s capital. We spoke about the State of the Union, the crisis at our southern border, the importance of a free economy, and much more!
State bills to expand abortions up to even AFTER birth is reprehensible. I stand w @SteveScalise @RepAnnWagner in forcing vote to ban. As Rep. Wagner said, “this is the simplest vote you will ever take: either you support babies being killed after they are born or you don’t.”
RT @housesciencegop: Welcome @RepBrianBabin back to the Subcommittee on Space and Aeronautics as Ranking Member!
RT @juliegraceb: Scalise, Wagner plan to introduce discharge petition for abortion bill
In tonight’s #SOTU, @POTUS discussed the progress weve made in 2 short years the challenges ahead we can overcome by “Choosing Greatness”. He laid out a plan to protect America’s workforce, strengthen national security, revive our aging infrastructure.
RT @TheRealBuzz: Proud to serve! #USA
“America is born free and we will stay free.” “America will never be a socialist country.” The American people stand firmly with @POTUS in condemning a system that has oppressed millions. Our government should protect our God-given rights, not subjugate us. #SOTU
It’s amazing at the progress we have made in two years in curbing North Korea’s nuclear program. Much work remains, but excellent job so far by @POTUS. #SOTU
@POTUS wants paid family leave so every family can bond with their newborn child. What a contrast with radical abortion policies of NY and VA Democrats! Thank you Mr. President for calling to end partial birth abortions. This will forever be a stain on our nation’s history. #SOTU
I’m glad @POTUS and @GOP remain firmly committed to protect those with pre-existing conditions. As a health care provider, I know how important this is to patients. But we need more free market solutions to bring down costs and expand treatment optional. #SOTU
“The border agents will tell you, where walls go up, illegal crossings go way way down.” This is a commonsense principal most Dems agreed with before @POTUS was elected. #buildthebarrier #SOTU
“Tolerance for illegal immigration is not compassionate. It’s actually very cruel.” @POTUS is right - we must enforce a legal immigration system to end violent coyote and gang exploitation of migrants and protect our own citizens. #SOTU
“It’s time for Congress to show America is committed to ending illegal immigration.” @POTUS and the American people know border security is national security. 10 days left for Dems to compromise. Let’s get it done! #SOTU
“The US is now the #1 producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world” and “a net exporter of energy.” @POTUS I’m proud that Houston, TX is the energy capital of the US! #SOTU
It’s great to see @POTUS recognize @TheRealBuzz at #SOTU. As the top Republican on @housesciencegop the past two Congresses, I’ve benefited greatly from Buzz Aldrin’s friendship and wise counsel.
Dems, there's a simple solution to avoid emergency declaration - come to the negotiating table! We're asking for $5.7 billion out of a $trillion plus budget - less than 1/10 of 1%. How can you say this is money you can't find? This is national security!
RT @EveningEdit: .@RepBrianBabin on #border: "I wish the #Democrats would go down to the border and see what I've seen." @FoxBusiness @LizM…
I’ll be live momentarily on @EveningEdit on @FoxBusiness to discuss #SOTU and border security. I hope you can tune in!
Last week, w/ bipartisan support in the House Senate, I reintroduced the TAPS Act. I cannot thank Greg enough for his service to our country for his help on the TAPS Act, I look forward to working with my colleagues to get this bill passed.
I am proud that Greg Glod will be my guest at #SOTU. Greg served 26 years in Secret Service is an expert in threat assessment. After the Parkland tragedy, Greg contacted me w/ a plan to prevent attacks in our schools and communities which led to my introduction of the TAPS Act.
6) Revitalizing American space program: @POTUS has sought renewed mission for @NASA space program. @NASA_Johnson Space Center will play vital role in US reclaiming sole leadership in space exploration. We want to return to the moon - to stay - and go to Mars. @housesciencegop
5) Rebuilding American infrastructure: @POTUS wants to continue rebuilding infrastructure to move people goods. On @TransportGOP Cmte we want to work with Dems on highway bill, but some freshman Dems say no bill without unrelated climate change provisions. Let's be bipartisan!
4) Protecting American workers: strong workforce is crucial for continued economic growth. @GOP plan: empower individuals businesses to boost wages. We've sent msg we'll protect our trade interests. Dems push policies to hollow out workforce, increase federal dependence.
3) Healthcare prescriptions: @GOPHouse passed reforms last year to lower prescription drug prices for Americans needing medical care. Dems have refused to replace/improve Obamacare even as healthcare costs ️ options ️. Will #SOTU present next steps? Dems, come to the table!
2) National security: @POTUS is pursuing foreign policy that protects Americans and our interests 1st foremost. How will we continue pursuing our long-term interests while honoring commitments protecting allies? We've made progress in Afghanistan, Venezuela North Korea.
1) Border security immigration: This affects every congressional district in the US - critically important! We need immigration policies that benefit American people's interest. It all starts with securing border. @POTUS has been willing to compromise but so far Dems have not.
I'm excited @POTUS will speak about "Choosing Greatness" in tonight's #SOTU. Our economy is strong, but we can do so much more if we decide to come together and advance an agenda in the best interests of the American people. Here are some issues I hope to see him address tonight:
Thank you @ndaajustice ! The TAPS Act has been a priority for me since introducing it last year, I'm excited to have bipartisan support in both the House Senate this year. We will work hard to get this bill passed so we can prevent violence against innocent people. God bless!
RT @JohnCornyn: Former sector chief for the Border Patrol’s Rio Grande Valley Manny Padilla to be my guest for SOTU.  Chief Padilla is now…
RT @WhiteHouse: "My fellow Americans…” Tonight, President @realDonaldTrump brings a message to Congress and all American people. Watch #S…
RT @WhiteHouse: The theme for President Trump's second State of the Union Address tonight: "Choosing Greatness."Former Speaker Newt Gingr…
I had a difference of opinion yesterday with my horse and Dunny won. I'll be in a shoulder sling the next few weeks. It is painful but not as painful as watching the Super Bowl last night. Anyone want a cheap horse?
My new Democrat colleague believes increasing taxes on many Americans up to 90% would be “a place we can start.” If something that radical is only the beginning, I’m afraid to hear what she envisions our nation looking like after Dems are done with
What a pleasure joining @RepAndyBiggsAZ on his "What's the BIGGS Idea" podcast to discuss our work on the Science Space Technology Committee, the future of the US space program our recent trip to the Arizona-Mexico border. Listen here: @housesciencegop

I'm excited to reintroduce the TAPS Act to keep violence out of schools communities. This has been a priority for me since intro'ing this bill last Congress. Excited 2 have bipartisan cosponsors @RepValDemings @SenRubioPress @SenatorSinema @SenThomTillis
I'm outraged heartbroken that our country has allowed the killing of 61M unborn babies. This bill is an atrocity to human life, especially to the innocent babies just moments away from taking their first breath. It’s utterly heartless makes me sick.
It’s so sad to see this news from Houston. This is a sobering reminder that keeping our communities free of drugs and violent crime is dangerous work. Please pray for the recovery of our injured @houstonpolice officers.
Let's never forget those we lost in the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster.
My son Leif was Michael's platoon mate at the time. During a firefight, Michael sacrificed his own life by diving on a grenade to save his teammates. Participating in an event with his SEAL teammates to commemorate their heroic friend was a great honor and meant much to us both.
On Saturday, I attended the commissioning of the brand new state of the art destroyer USS Michael Monsoor in San Diego, CA. It was named after Medal of Honor winner Petty Officer Michael Monsoor, US Navy SEAL, SEAL Team 3 who was killed in action in Sept. 2006 in Ramadi, Iraq.
I’ve visited our southern border from CA to the TX Gulf Coast – the crisis is real. I joined Maria Bartiromo today to discuss the trajectory of the next 3 weeks of negotiations. Americans deserve national security – and border security is national
RT @SecNielsen: I want to thank everyone in the @DHSgov family for what you do every day to secure our homeland. Your focus, passion and co…
I've voted for @POTUS has signed legislation protecting civil servants, but we must provide the same security to contractors. As things stand, our contractors will not receive back-pay for shutdown. We must return them to work and treat them equitably.
Visited AZ’s southern border last weekend. Inspected border patrol stations, examined existing fencing spoke w BP agents, law enforcement ranchers. Here a rope is all keeping criminal aliens, gang members, sex traffickers, child smugglers drugs out of our country. Lets act!
@amy_wc Amy, I just asked @RepPeterDeFazio to add me to the list of HR 367 cosponsors so we can get the men and women of our @USCG paid. As a former Merchant Mariner, I know firsthand the importance of our Coast Guard. I appreciate your message!
Not only has Democratic leadership REFUSED to negotiate to end shutdown, but now their entire caucus has voted TWICE against paying federal workers. @POTUS has offered compromise plan. Republicans in House Senate are ready to negotiate. Nancy? Come to the table! Let's end this!
I had to double take when I saw this. Chuck Nancy have insisted for weeks Dems won’t negotiate, but I'm hopeful internal pressure on Dem leadership will lead them to the table. We have to compromise to secure our border get everyone back to work!
Sadly, today marks the 46th anniversary of the Supreme Court’s Roe v. Wade decision. I join Americans across the country in mourning the millions of innocent lives we have lost in the years since. We must give voice to the voiceless and defend the unborn.
Today we reflect upon the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. He believed strongly that all men are created equal and should receive equal justice under the law. Let’s always remember his message.
Pelosi keeps House in session 4 more show votes but wont even be here?! Instead of political games globetrotting w/ military resources she should stay begin negotiating. 800K are furloughed want deal but it takes 2 to tango. Thanks @POTUS for efforts to bring Dems 2 table.
I don't support taxpayer-funded Congressional junkets to Israel’s greatest threat, especially one led by an avowed opponent of Israel. To prevent hurting our strong relationship with Israel, I call for rejecting Congressional requests to visit Palestine.
RT @MeyerHorvath: Always great visiting with @RepBrianBabin to discuss Texas transportation!  @TxDOT @TxDOTHouston @TxDOTCommission
I'm about to go on the @EveningEdit on @FoxBusiness, so make sure you tune in!
Today is #ReligiousFreedomDay, a time to celebrate a fundamental human right that is essential to a free society. I pray, as a Christian, that we always defend an individual’s right to live according to their faith and convictions without fear of persecution.
Will Hughes of Anahuac, Texas proudly displays his belief that @POTUS should “Build the Wall Tall.” On each brick, Will painted the names of hundreds of Americans who have been killed by illegal immigrants. We must secure our borders. American lives and sovereignty are at risk.
The President is willing to negotiate and compromise to find a path forward to protect our citizens and open our government.  Why won't Democrats come to the table?  This is political theater, pure and simple.
I spoke on the House floor last week about the ongoing crisis our nation is facing at the border, which I have seen with my own eyes. I made a promise to my constituents and the American people to secure our southern border, and I intend to keep that promise.
RT @GOP: There is a national security and humanitarian crisis at our southern border and it is only worsening. Tell Democrats to work wit…
Yesterday, I joined Cavuto on Fox Business to say that the shutdown could be fixed in 15 minutes if Dems would come to the table. We also discussed the importance of funding increased border security, including a barrier, before opening the gov't again.
House Dems are introducing spending bills that 1) Senate won't take up 2) Pres. won't sign. Instead of negotiating, they're playing political games w/ worthless "messaging" votes on bills they know will go nowhere! Where is a serious proposal? Let's compromise open the gov't.
@marinasidesteve @HouseGOP offer solutions, not rhetoric. Rhetoric is @HouseDemocrats claiming they support border security while advocating for sanctuary cities, mass amnesty and abolishing ICE. I agree we need vast improvements to our immigration policy and I will continue advocating for that.
@DorothyHagan I made the decision to forgo my pay during the shutdown. I know shutdowns are hard for many, which is why I voted to fully fund the gov't Dec 21. Unfortunately, Senate Democrats blocked that bill from even receiving a vote, which led to the shutdown.
@meliss_a Just to be clear, that is a quote directly from @BarackObama, who clearly believed immigrants pour into the country.
Democrats say over and over “of course we want border security” but offer no solutions other than abolishing ICE, creating Sanctuary Cities and offering mass amnesty. It doesn’t add up!
We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected, undocumented, unchecked and circumventing the line of people who are waiting patiently, diligently and lawfully to become immigrants into this country.
RT @RepAndyHarrisMD: Thanks @Acosta for reporting that #WallsWork @POTUS
RT @realDonaldTrump: From the Southern Border....
RT @ChadPergram: From colleague Bree Tracey. Senate Apps Cmte Chair Shelby: The Democrats are going to have to not be against everything. T…
RT @SenateGOP: Why do we need border security? This is why. These are the facts. #SecureOurBorder
Today, on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day, each of us should take the time to thank our law enforcement professionals for putting it all on the line to protect our communities and loved ones. We owe so much to these brave men and women!
I'll be going on the @EveningEdit with Liz McDonald tonight on @FoxBusiness  at 5:25pmCT to discuss the humanitarian and security crisis at our border. @POTUS is addressing the nation tonight at 8:00pmCT to speak about it, but for now read this letter!
RT @TXRandy14: Do you remember... Under President Obama, all 54 Ds in the Democrat-controlled Senate voted to double the length of a new bo…
RT @Jim_Jordan: If @SpeakerPelosi thinks the border security wall is immoral, then why doesn’t she sponsor legislation to take down the exi…
@fancyerin @JohnCornyn @tedcruz I voted Dec 21 to fully fund government w/ additional $5B for border crisis, but Senate Dems blocked it, causing shutdown. Now Dems refuse to negotiate. My primary duty is the security of 330M Americans. I want fed employees back at work ASAP, but safety/sovereignty comes first.
I returned from our Southern border yesterday after meeting face to face with border agents and American citizens closely affected by our border crisis. They made clear to me: improved border security is a must, and wall funding must be a critical component. #BuildTheWall
I’ve officially signed my oath of office for the 116th Congress and am ready to get back to work to “support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic”.
This is why I’m fighting to secure our border. I was sent to Washington to promote secure the personal economic security of our citizens. We must build the wall! Dems, end the shutdown, fund the gvnmt, put the safety of our citizens lawmen first!
Yesterday I moved out of my Cannon Bldg office, occupied by future President Gerald Ford 1948-1955. I proudly displayed photos courtesy of the @Ford_Library which I've passed on to the new occupant, @DrNealDunnFL2. My new office is in Room 2236 of the Rayburn Bldg. Come visit us!
RT @DeptVetAffairs: Secretary Wilkie: VA not affected in the event of partial government shutdown
The American ppl are losing a very smart, tough patriotic public servant in Sec. of Defense Gen. James “Mad Dog” Mattis. His departure will leave a big void we will miss his leadership, experience knowledge. Our enemies feared respected him our friends appreciated him.
I'm glad my House colleagues came together tonight to provide over $5B to fund the wall and secure additional border security measures. I spoke on the floor late last night urging the House to listen to the American people and take action. Senate, it's now your turn to act!
RT @SteveDaines: House just passed a bill that fully funds government and enables @realDonaldTrump to secure our border/build the wall.  Se…
I’m proud of @POTUS for drawing a line and insisting that we fulfill the promise we made to the American people in 2016 to build the wall and finally get serious about illegal immigration. On behalf of the Texans I represent, I will not vote for a bill that doesn’t fund the wall.
RT @livesafe: @LiveSafe endorses .@RepBrianBabin's Threat Assessment, Prevention, and Safety Act (#TAPSAct) which is designed to enhance th…
RT @markknoller: At @NASA HQ, @VP offered space agency congratulations for landing the InSight spacecraft on Mars. Reaffirms it's a new era…
RT @CongressmanHice: We have one final chance to live up to the promise that we made to the parents, small business owners, blue collar wor…
Democrat priorities are not aligned with the American people. Our citizens desire and deserve secure borders!
Today's 5-year farm bill gives TX farmers the certainty necessary both for their livelihood to secure a dependable American supply of food, fiber feed. But Congress missed the best opportunity in decades for significant reforms. My full statement--&gt;
What if a bipartisan solution existed to stop mass targeted violence before it struck? The TAPS Act will standardize nationwide a Secret Service-developed process to identify, assess, mitigate threats called Threat Assessment and Management. Congress, let's act to end violence!
I applaud EPA’s decision to repeal Obama's Waters of the US rule. This pure power grab vastly expanded federal regulatory authority by qualifying almost every puddle of water in the country, even seasonal ponds and ditches, as “navigable waters”. New rule will honor law's intent!
Great discussion Tuesday with my friend, NASA Administrator @JimBridenstine. I later into'd him at #NASADayontheHill, where @RepRohrabacher I met astronaut Mark Vande Hei and spoke with @NASA employees about the exciting work being done to advance America’s leadership in space.
Rest in peace, Mr. President.  Our nation is stronger because of your service.
Economic migrants from Central America are abusing U.S. humanitarian laws, including our asylum policy. We must improve our humanitarian and immigration laws to truly aid those we can while keeping the interests of American citizens paramount.
Last week, America celebrated National Bible Week. God’s word means everything to me. It's shaped my life, and has helped me serve the people of TX-36. I feel privileged I could speak on the House floor yesterday about how much the Bible means to me.
RT @HouseScience: Chairman @LamarSmithTX21 and Space Subcommittee Chairman @RepBrianBabin’s joint statement on the successful landing of @N…
Congrats to the @NASAInSight Team for successfully completing the incredible challenge of landing on Mars! After traveling 300M miles over the past six and a half months, this @NASA robotic lander will explore Mars’ crust, mantle and core. Outstanding job!
I am proud that two of my new Congressional colleagues from Texas are also veterans. Van Taylor and Dan Crenshaw served our nation with honor, and their military experience will benefit them and their constituents greatly in Washington.
Birthright citizenship has resulted from misapplication of the 14th amendment. It did not exist for the first century after the 14th passed. My resolution calls to return to the originally intended/applied interpretation and end birthright citizenship.
The shooting today in Pittsburg is heartbreaking. Thoughtful, collegial discourse is a foundational principle of our Republic. Bigotry and violence is antithetical to our values. We are still learning the details, but please join me in praying for the victims and their families.
Monday, Reps. @JudgeTedPoe, @RepKevinBrady, @TXRandy14, @RepPeteOlson and I had the honor of greeting @POTUS with some great warriors from the 147th Attack Wing: Major Tony Fore, Col. Matthew Barker, Commander of the 147th and Major Michael McDermott. Thank you for your service!
Its always a treat to go live on Jasper's @KJASRADIO with Mike Lout. This morning I called in from Deer Park to discuss the migrant caravan crisis. This is a fundamental challenge to the sovereignty of our Republic, I appreciate the opportunity to talk about it on the airwaves.
On Tuesday, I attended the fourth National Space Council Meeting at the National Defense University at Fort McNair. It was a pleasure to visit with @VP, NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine, and the rest of the Space Council and attendees. Exciting things are on the horizon!
It was great being apart of @jswsteel’s groundbreaking event this past weekend. I’m thankful for more Texas jobs!
Thank you @VP for speaking to us yesterday at the National Space Council meeting. As Chairman of the House Space Subcommittee, I look forward to continuing to work to meet the challenges ahead of us in space.
Thank you @POTUS for letting me hitch a ride with you back to DC last night so I could make it to the National Space Council Meeting today!
RT @EveningEdit: We brought the story to you first, what is Mexico doing to stop the #MigrantCaravan ? Last night, @RepBrianBabin said Mexi…
This is a great week for Chambers County. Thank you to all who played a role in this victory!
I'm appearing live tonight around 5:50CT on the @EveningEdit on @FoxBusiness to discuss the migrant caravan making its way across Central America to the U.S./Mexico border. I hope you can tune in!
Here is my statement supporting @realDonaldTrump’s comments threatening to halt foreign aid to any nation assisting Central American migrant caravans illegally cross our Southern border.
Meeting Pastor Brunson's wonderful daughter Jacqueline Furnari, and experiencing first-hand her love and advocacy for her father, truly inspired me.
I was so thankful to learn that Pastor Andrew Brunson has been freed to return to America after being wrongfully detained in Turkey for two years. I joined many of my colleagues in working to ensure his safe return. Thank you, Mr. President!
Here is my statement on last week's Soyuz launch failure and how it underscores the need for us to prioritize production of American rockets.  We cannot be dependent on Russia to get American astronauts into space.
Here is my statement on this morning's Soyuz MS-10 launch abort.
I joined Matthew Boyle on Breitbart Radio to discuss my disgust for the radical tactics we saw employed during the Kavanaugh confirmation process.  Read and listen here:
With Brett Kavanaugh's confirmation secured, this embarrassing chapter in the history of the Senate can finally conclude. I applaud my Texas colleagues @SenTedCruz and @JohnCornyn for their leadership throughout this process. My full statement here:
I am proud to serve as Chairman of the House Space Subcommittee where last week I introduced a bill with major implications for @NASA_Johnson Space Center and the future of human space exploration.
ICYMI: The House voted last week to make tax cuts permanent, a move an analysis from Congress' Joint Economic Committee says will provide the most benefit to low- and middle-income earners.
I applaud President Trump for delivering on his campaign promise to strike a new trade deal with Mexico and Canada – a feat many claimed impossible. I pledge to carefully evaluate this deal before the vote to ensure it is good for Texas and America.
Congratulations to @NASA on their 60th Anniversary! The magnitude of the contributions of those who have participated in NASA’s successes is immeasurable. NASA’s historical achievements have inspired generations and positioned the United States as the undisputed leader in space.
This is an important perspective to consider. Democrats will do whatever it takes to delay this vote. 
On Wed., I introduced H.R. 6910, which reaffirms @NASA_Johnson’s leadership role as the home of U.S. human spaceflight. My bill also promotes policy that will lead to continuous U.S. human presence in LEO, authorizes @NASA to operate ISS until 2030 more!
It's #RailSafetyWeek, and I am reminded of the Amtrak crash many of my colleagues and I were a part of nearly nine months ago. Never try to beat a train. The weight of a locomotive to your car is equal to the weight of a car to a soda can. Learn more at @olinational and @GoRail.
Today, the @HouseScience hears from @NASA, @NASA_Johnson, @NASA_Marshall, and @NASAKennedy on the future of sustainable human space exploration programs. WATCH LIVE at 2:00 p.m. ET:
Attended a workforce development policy roundtable and grand opening at @SB_EPC with @HouseGOP colleagues @virginiafoxx, @RepKevinBrady and @RepMcCaul. This center will provide many people with the training needed to provide for their families and live the American Dream! #TX36
Visited with Brad Tucker on Thursday, President of @Mustang_Cat_, and saw first-hand how the booming economy is positively impacting his company. He’s not the only one that feels this way, as Americans continue to see the benefits of our thriving economy thanks to the #TaxCuts!
Attended @AmChemistry’s plastics division meeting in Houston earlier this week to talk about my Open Competition bill. Petrochemical manufacturers in #TX36 are major drivers of job creation within our community. Thanks for having me!
Today, we remember those who were American prisoners of war or missing in action. Thank you for your sacrifices for our country – you are not forgotten. #POWMIARecognitionDay
