After reading the final resolution I did not feel it was strong enough in support of Israel, the only true democracy in the Middle East, and that is why I voted no.
I met with LTC Jason Toth, Buffalo District Commander, of the Army Corps of Engineers to discuss shore protection, flood risk management, and regulatory information. Thank you all for meeting with me.
Members from the Harris Corporation met with me to discuss how their role in the DoD’s tactical radio programs is crucial to our military and New York. Thank you for coming into my office today and keep up the good work.
Students from Lyndonville Central High School and Albion High School came into my office to share their views on various policy issues. Thank you for coming down to Washington D.C. and visiting my office.
Pleased to meet with Sue and Cindy from the NYS’s WIC Association to discuss ways the WIC program in our district can be updated. Thank you for stopping by my office.
Thank you to the members of the Adult Congenital Heart Association for meeting with me yesterday. We discussed the lifelong care that is needed for those who are affected by this disease.
In its 37th year, I am proud to announce that my office will begin accepting artwork for the 2019 Congressional Art Competition. To learn more, read here:
I met with Kathleen from the Ovarian Cancer Research Alliance, which is the leading organization in the world for fighting ovarian cancer. We had an important discussion on expanding funding and increasing awareness for ovarian cancer research. Thank you for visiting my office.
Yesterday I had the opportunity to meet John, a young boy who was born with Muscular Dystrophy, and his family. They discussed the importance of continuing research and raising awareness for this genetic condition. Thank you to John and his family for coming by my office.
Yesterday I honored Laura Norwood as my office’s March ‘Veteran of the Month.’ During her 23 years of service, she served in both Operations Desert Storm and Desert Shield. To read more about her click here:
Over the weekend, I was honored to join Boy Scout Troop 6 in recognizing Jacob for earning the rank of an Eagle Scout. Congratulations and keep making NY-27 proud with your service to our community.
I am happy to have met with Insyte, who has been a top Manufacturing Extension Partnership (MEP) performer nationwide, creating  or saving over 3,000 job in the last 3 years. I look forward to continue working with Insyte and other companies who partake in the MEP.
I met with Cadet 2 Lt Gavin Davis, from Canandaigua, who was one of the twenty-four applicants selected across the nation to be  accepted into the Civic Leadership Academy. Congratulations and keep making NY-27 proud.
I met with members of the Empire State Potato Growers to discuss the impact of Mexico’s retaliatory tariffs and the importance of an efficient transportation system. Thank you for taking the time to meet with me today.
Members of the New York Broadcasters Association came by my office to discuss issues important to local radio and television. Their programming is vital to getting news and information to New Yorkers. Thank you to everyone who met with me today.
Thank you to the members of the General Dynamics Submarine Suppliers for stopping by my office today. We had an important discussion about the value that steady defense funding brings to the local economy and the Navy’s newest submarines, the Columbia-class and Virginia-class.
Yesterday I met with members of the Public Media Summit. We discussed local services that are essential for constituents and the importance of federal investments for the future of public broadcasting.
Proud to support the Natural Resources Management Act as it passed the House today. This bill permanently reauthorizes the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which I have supported for many years. This funding has helped sites such as the Finger Lakes and @TRInauguralSite.
It’s sad to see the Democrats continue to play partisan politics when it comes to securing our borders and averting a humanitarian crisis. It’s time to put politics aside and fix this broken system.
Honored to meet with Commander Jim Coates of the American Legion Detachment of New York to discuss important mental health issues that impact our veterans. I thank him for his service and taking the time to meet with me today.
Thank you to members of the American Academy of Neurology for meeting with me today. We had important discussion about the appropriate cognitive reimbursement fee for examining and treating patients.
I am proud to be an original co-sponsor of the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund to ensure permanent funding for our 9/11 heroes and families. Those who sacrificed their lives on that solemn day will always have my full support and I am urging Congress to #Renew911VCF.
I would like to thank members from the Zero – The End of Prostate Cancer for meeting with me today. We discussed the Department of Defense’s prostate cancer research program and how to ensure continued coverage for prostate cancer screenings.
I had the pleasure of meeting with members of the New York School Nutrition Association to discuss increasing funding for the School Breakfast Program and modifying the Smart Snack rule. Thank you for stopping by my office.
I am proud to support the PIRATE Act as it passed the House today. 4 years ago, I requested the FCC take action against illegal radio operators.  @AjitPaiFCC has cracked down on these pirates this bill gives him more tools to end the practice.  I urge the Senate to act.
Congratulations to Tyler, Zack, Nathan, and Hunter for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Great to join Boy Scout Troop 40 in Lockport to honor them.
Yesterday I met with individuals from NASA Supplier Companies located throughout New York to discuss the importance of continued funding in FY2020 to meet launch schedules for NASA’s Exploration Missions 1-3.
I am pleased to announce that FEMA has begun their application period for the Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response (SAFER) Grant Program FY18 for local fire departments and EMS providers. Read more here:
I had the opportunity to meet Chelsea Brownridge, Co-Founder of the @DogSpot, a small business located in New York. Her company is the first to provide pet owners with smart sidewalk sanctuaries while they run errands. Small businesses, like Chelsea’s, are vital to NY’s economy.
Enjoyed my conversation with Colonel Larson and Major General Rydholm of the Air Force Reserve at the Wing Commander Leadership Symposium this evening.
Thank you to the members of the NY Coalition of the Neurofibromatosis Network for meeting with me today. We had an important discussion on funding for research through the DoD Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program and the NIH.
I met with members from the NY Small Business Development Center today. We discussed the importance of small business growth in New York State and the services offered by NYSBDC.
Athletes and members of the Special Olympics International met with me to discuss the importance of unified sports in local schools. Thank you for stopping by my office today.
I am pleased to visit the Battery Council International briefing to discuss the advancements in battery storage technology and the importance of Congress to support the research and development of such technology to ensure a resilient and reliable energy grid.
Today @RepJoeMorelle, @RepBrianHiggins, @RepTomReed, and I sent a letter to Secretary Chao urging her to enact the Pilot Records Database. Read more here:
Happy to join the Olcott Fire Company to celebrate their 90th year of service over the weekend. Thank you to all its members for their hard work and dedication throughout the years.
Today I joined the Flight 3407 families in laying a wreath at the Forest Lawn in honor of the 10th Anniversary of that fatal crash. Even during the hardest moments, these families came together and advocated for important flight safety reforms that has kept our nation safe.
Great to join Dave Violas and other members of the Northern Central New York Volunteer Firemen's Association at their meeting Saturday. We discussed the Fire Fighter Cancer Registry Act and AFG grants.
Stopped in at No BS Brew Company in Livonia today for a tour. Congratulations to Steve and Ben on their grand opening.
I met with leaders of the WNY agriculture community, including representatives from farms in Niagara and Genesee Counties. We discussed the dire need for immigration reform to protect this vital industry. Agriculture is the backbone of WNY and rural America.
Happy to meet with @LizUFwnyha, Ann, Sara today with the NYS Assn. for Rural Health. We discussed how important telemedicine and access to rural broadband is to rural communities like those in #NY27. @ruralhealth
It is time we break through the partisan divide that has consumed Washington. Congress must work to enact the vision laid out tonight by @RealDonaldTrump for American Prosperity and growth. #SOTU
Tonight’s #SOTU address was a message of hope, @RealDonaldTrump has asked that both sides of the aisle come together to make our border safe and fix our broken immigration system.
In an effort to highlight the service our veterans have demonstrated throughout their lives, my office recognizes veterans residing in #NY27 as our Veteran of the Month. Visit my website if you would like to nominate someone to be Veteran of the Month.
I had the pleasure to join the Barker Fire Department’s Installation dinner. Congratulations to Bruce for reaching his 50th year of service and to Frank for reaching his 20th year of service and receiving his golden ring. Thank you for your dedication to the Village of Barker.
I would like to thank members from the New York State School Boards Association for meeting with me today. We discussed IDEA funding and how to improve the school districts in WNY.
I met with members of the American Chiropractic Association. We discussed the eligibility of chiropractic care for federal health programs. Thank you for stopping by my office.
I am proud to join Senator Rubio to advance The Denying Chinese Investors Access to U.S. Small Business Aid once again to encourage job growth and support WNY small businesses. Read More here:
As an Eagle Scout myself, it was my honor to join Boy Scout Troop 630 in recognizing Sebastian for earning the rank of Eagle. Congratulations to you and your family on this outstanding achievement.
I had a great time at the Shelby Volunteer Fire Company’s Installation dinner. This year they are celebrating their 70th year of incorporation. Thank you for the services you provide to the residents of Shelby and Orleans County.
I've requested that my pay be withheld until essential employees are paid during the shutdown. It’s time for partisan Democrats to quit using hardworking Americans as pawns as they stonewall efforts to secure our border open our government. Read more:
Happy New Year! Wishing you all a safe, happy, and healthy 2019.
My family and I would like to wish you all a very Merry Christmas. I hope you are able to spend your holiday with the loved ones who matter most to you.
Thank you to the students across #NY27 who participated in our Holiday Cards for Veterans program this year. I'd like to wish all of our veterans, active duty personnel, their families a Merry Christmas a Happy New Year! Thank you for your service commitment to our country.
Proud to see the passage of #FarmBill18. H.R. 2 will provide a significant boost to dairy farmers across WNY allow them a better opportunity to succeed. While we still have a lot of work to do, H.R. 2 is a huge step in the right direction I'm pleased to see it pass today.
On this day in 1941, 2,403 brave Americans lost their lives at #PearlHarbor. Let us remember their honorable service and sacrifice on that infamous day, and thank those who continue to keep our country safe.
I am sad to hear of the passing of President George H. W. Bush. He served our country during WWII and extended to the highest office. My thoughts and prayers are with the Bush family during this time.
I applaud the Trump Administration for signing a new United States Mexico Canada Agreement. President Trump promised better trade deals and he has delivered by releasing our Western New York dairy farmers from heavy tariffs. To read more:
Today the U.S. House of Representatives passed my legislation to rename the U.S Post Office in Dansville, New York after Staff Sergeant Alexandria Gleason-Morrow. SSgt Gleason-Morrow died in the line of duty while serving her country. Read more here:
Thank you to representatives of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers in Niagara County for meeting with me today. We had an important discussion about their pension fund and ensuring it continues to meet its obligations.
It’s the busiest time of year for holiday shopping, so on this #SmallBusinessSaturday, make sure you are shopping small in WNY. Successful small businesses in #NY27 drive our economy. Get out and support a local shop today to ensure they have the tools to succeed. #ShopLocal
While many are able to spend the holidays with friends family, let us not forget our men women in uniform who are fighting for our freedoms overseas. I'm sincerely grateful for their service to our country. From my family to yours, have a happy, safe blessed Thanksgiving.
Congratulations to Col. Gary R. Charlton on being selected to serve as Wing Commander for the Air National Guard's 107th Attack Wing. Thank you to Col. Robert Kilgore who has overseen the transition of the 107th and has been a steadfast advocate for the NFARS.
Wearing purple in support of World Pancreatic Cancer Day. By 2020, #PancreaticCancer is expected to become the second leading cause of cancer-related death in the United States. Stand with us and #DemandBetter for patients impacted by this terrible disease. #PANCaware #WPCD
Congratulations to Perry’s Ice Cream on celebrating their 100th anniversary. We are fortunate to have a business that produces such fantastic products right here in Akron, NY. Best wishes to Brian Perry and the rest of the Perry team for another 100 successful years.
Today we honor and remember those who have served our country. I would like to give a special thanks to all the veterans, especially in NY-27, for making the ultimate sacrifice to protect the United States of America.
My office is collecting, "Holiday Mail for Troops." Cards will be delivered to the brave men and woman at the Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station. Anyone interested in participating should contact my office for more information. 
Yesterday, I toured the Livingston County Center for Nursing and Rehabilitation as they construct a new dialysis center. During my visit, I met with residents who presented me with a commemorative plate as a token of their gratitude for visiting. Thank you to everyone I met with!
No matter what side of the aisle you are on, Republican or Democrat, violence against political figures is unacceptable. I condemn any act of violence and there is no place for it in our country. I want to thank all the brave law enforcement officers for protecting our country.
Unemployment is at the lowest it has been in decades. 1.8 million jobs have been added since #taxreform was signed into law. Learn more about how our economy is stronger than ever. #BetterOffNow
I was proud to introduce legislation that prevents states from the dishonest practice of diverting these fees and using them for other non-public safety related purposes. For more about the 911 Fee Integrity Act
A recent study estimates that upgrading our nation’s 911 call centers will cost nearly $12 billion over 10 years. It is disturbing that the Governor’s continued diversion puts NYS call centers in jeopardy as they are made ineligible for grant funding.
Today is World Teacher’s Day. Thank you to all of the hardworking teachers who are committed to inspiring and educating our next generation #WorldTeachersDay
Today is National Manufacturing Day, a celebration of modern manufacturing that will inspire future manufacturers. I’ve been proud to work with @POTUS to implement policies that are good for manufacturers and good for America
October marks Breast Cancer Awareness Month to raise awareness and support the research and policies that will help combat this disease.
There’s a mountain of evidence that proves wages and income are strong in this booming economy, but Democrats continue to claim otherwise. Get the facts
Proud to announce that the EPA has approved a grant that will support the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative to protect and restore the chemical, physical, and biological integrity of the ecosystem.
PRESS RELEASE: Collins Hails President Trump’s Success to Revise NAFTA -
I am pleased to announce new federal funding from the Dept. of Transportation to the NYS Academy of Fire Science to train firefighters on new techniques and to obtain new props. This will help keep communities in #NY27 safe in the event of an emergency situation.
RT @WaysandMeansGOP: JUST PASSED: The final bill included in Tax Reform 2.0 just passed the House. The Protecting Family and Small Business…
Thanks to my constituents, Nicholas and William, and their colleagues with the National Stone, Sand, Gravel Association for coming by my office yesterday. We discussed the importance of aggregates to the future of America and I thank them for making time to visit.
I appreciate the Northern Border Customs Brokers Association the NY/NJ Foreign Freight Forwarders Brokers Association sending a group to meet with me in DC. We discussed a variety of important issues that impact #WNY
The House today passed an FAA extension bill that keeps the 1,500 pilot training rule in place. I was proud to support this bill applaud the hard work of the Families of Flight 3407 for their tireless efforts in advocating to keep this important rule in place
Yesterday I met with the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network @ACSCAN to discuss how we can continue to battle this disease. Thank you for stopping by my office #CancerLobbyDay
On Monday I enjoyed meeting with @WNYIL to discuss how we can improve services for people with disabilities in our community. Thank you to Todd and Michael for stopping by my office and taking the time to have a conversation about this important issue.

Today I addressed the false charges that are being brought against me. It’s an honor and a privilege to serve the people of #NY27 and I will continue to work hard for you every day as I fight to clear my name.
STATEMENT: Attorneys for Rep. Collins Respond to Charges Filed Today
Today is #PurpleHeartDay where we pause to remember and honor the brave men and women who were either wounded on the battlefield or paid the ultimate sacrifice with their lives
Today’s GDP numbers are impressive. Republicans in Congress under @POTUS are implementing policies like tax reform and deregulation that are helping to grow our economy #TaxReformWorks
My Washington, DC office is looking for interns this fall. If you are a college student or recent graduate looking for experience on Capitol Hill, apply here: #NationalInternDay
On July 26, 1788, New York joined the union. Happy Birthday New York
On Monday, a bill I co-sponsored that will help individuals with Alzheimer’s unanimously passed the House. I urge the Senate to bring up the Palliative Care and Hospice Education and Training Act.
PRESS RELEASE: Collins Applauds USDA Emergency Aid for Farmers Impacted by Unjustified Retaliation -
I am proud to support @the_USO and to be one of the newest members of their Congressional Caucus.
Yesterday a bill I co-sponsored, the PIRATE Act, passed the House. This legislation would set financial penalties for individuals found to be operators of unlicensed radio stations. I applaud its passage and urge the Senate to swiftly take up this legislation.
Thank you to Harper International in Lancaster for giving me a tour of your facility. A great employee owned small business providing companies around the world with engineering and manufacturing support. #NY27
As law enforcement officials continue to search for the suspect at large, my Geneseo district office is showing our support for the brave men and women of the law enforcement community who keep us safe. Thank you for your dedication.
Today I introduced legislation that stops 9-1-1 fee diversion, a practice of @NYGovCuomo, that puts our communities in danger because funding meant to improve 9-1-1 services is being pushed into the General Fund
PRESS RELEASE: Collins Introduces Legislation to Address 9-1-1 Fee Diversion -
After years of struggling to get ahead, the American people are seeing jobs, opportunity, and confidence come roaring back.  Our economy is booming #BetterOffNow
Hoping for the best to the officer injured tonight in Geneseo. Thank you to all Livingston County Law Enforcement for your hard work looking for the suspect keeping the community safe. God Bless.
About to join @ChrisCuomo on @CNN to discuss @realDonaldTrump  meeting with President Putin
A bill I introduced to rename a Dansville post office after Staff Sergeant Alexandria Gleason-Morrow passed @GOPoversight unanimously today will head to the House floor next. SSgt Gleason-Morrow was a true American hero who tragically died in a non-combat drill at the age of 25
A great story in the Batavia News about a local veteran who gave the ultimate sacrifice. It has been an honor to help Eugene Straub’s family I am looking forward to reissuing his World War II medals, including a Purple Heart.
Today is #716Day. Today we celebrate all of the fantastic things that our region has to offer.
Today the House passed an important bill cracking down on burdensome and costly federal mandates. H.R. 50 closes loopholes to make our government run more smoothly and efficiently.
About to join @ChrisCuomo to discuss today’s hearing with Peter Strzok. Tune in to @CNN
June’s job growth beat expectations w/ 213,000 jobs being created. Since the Tax Cuts Jobs Act was enacted, nearly 1.3 million jobs have been created. Due to regulatory reform and #TaxCuts, our economy is growing faster than critics thought was possible
RT @PeteSessions: Today I was delighted to welcome students for @NYLTAcademy, @boyscouts from all over the country who are visiting D.C. th…
There is a lack of checks and balances and today’s hearing will focus on what we can do to increase transparency oversight. Watch LIVE
Today @HouseCommerce #SubHealth is looking into opportunities to improve the 340B Drug Pricing Program. We've found that certain hospitals have grossly taken advantage of the loopholes in the programs.
It’s #nationalcowappreciationday and I am celebrating the hardworking dairy farmers from across #NY27 like Lyman Rudgers who showed me and USDA Under Secretary Greg Ibach around his farm earlier this year
Yesterday I stopped by Graham Manufacturing in Batavia to learn more about their recent expansions, which include work with the US Navy. It was great to see the success of this growing company that is creating jobs in Batavia
Yesterday I had a great time visiting the Batavia Muckdogs stadium and meeting with new GM David Chase to hear more about what is being done to keep this historic team here in WNY.
PRESS RELEASE: @POTUS Signs Collins and Pascrell’s Firefighter Cancer Registry -
Republicans in Congress and @POTUS are implementing pro-growth policies that are turning our economy around. More than half of Americans approve of President Trump's handling of the economy 
We have had a very productive 115th Congress so far. 186 bills have been enacted into law including the historic Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that has contributed to unpreceded economic growth
Tune in to Fox News at 1:05 PM today, I'll be joining @HARRISFAULKNER on Outnumbered Overtime
Happy 150th Birthday to Lake View, New York! Honored to be here to celebrate. Great job organizing this event @LakeView150. #LV150 #NY27
We are celebrating 6 months since @POTUS made the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act the law of the land. We have seen substantial economic growth, bigger paychecks, increased investment, and more jobs. Americans are more hopeful about their future and we are just getting started #MAGA
A student I sponsored to attend the U.S. Naval Academy and his family stopped by my DC office for a tour of the Capitol yesterday. Great to see you, Joseph and congratulations on all of your accomplishments.
PRESS RELEASE: Collins, Rubio Introduce Bill to Prevent China from Exploiting American Small Business Programs -
Collins Statement on Janus vs. AFSCME -
Today @SpeakerRyan signed the Firefighter Cancer Registry, next stop is @POTUS
RT @SpeakerRyan: Every day, firefighters put themselves in harm’s way. This bill allowing researchers to better understand the impacts of s…
Tax reform is making Americans’ lives better. Families are keeping more of their hard earned paychecks, business investment has beat all expectations, and small business optimism hit its highest level in 45 years #TaxReformWorks
It has been more than six months since the House passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and we have seen millions of Americans receive bonuses, workers’ wages increase, one million jobs created, and record levels of unemployment
PRESS RELEASE: Collins Applauds Passage of More Than 50 Bills Combating the Opioid Epidemic -
RT @HouseCommerce: House passes bill aimed at improving firefighter health, ready for @POTUS’ signature &gt;&gt;
RT @IAFFNewsDesk: VICTORY! The #Firefighter Cancer Registry Act has passed the House with unanimous consent Friday morning and is now await…
The Firefighter Cancer Registry Act, a bill I authored addressing the detrimental health effects firefighters may experience due to smoke inhalation and other harmful substances, is heading to @POTUS desk -
PRESS RELEASE: Collins Supports 2018 Farm Bill -
My staff is at Buffalo Stand Down today. Stop by our table at the top of the stairs to discuss ways that my office is able to help veterans and their families from #NY27 when working with a government agency #bflostanddown2018
RT @WaysandMeansGOP: The Stop Excessive Narcotics in our Retirement Communities Protection Act will help protect our seniors from opioid ad…
A bill I co-authored passed the @HouseFloor last night. In our battle against the opioid crisis, HR 5676 – SENIOR Communities Protection Act will help Medicare beneficiaries make informed decisions on pain management
The opioid epidemic is devastating families across America. At @HouseCommerce we have worked hard to find solutions that will help our communities and the House will continue to vote this week on important legislation
PRESS RELEASE: Collins Tours Stein Farms and Promotes Initiatives to Increase Milk Consumption -
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has played a part in our currently booming economy and lowered taxes for families in my district. The Tax Foundation released a new tool to help Americans visualize the impact of tax reform in their home state, check it out here:
RT @SteveScalise: I’ve still got it.
The U.S. Army is 243 years old today. Thank you to the brave men and women who have served and are currently serving. #UnitedStatesArmy
RT @usdaRD: Just in: @USDA Launches Interactive Map of Opioid Epidemic Resources
Today we commemorate the adoption of the Stars and Stripes as our nation’s flag, a symbol of our nation’s ideals #FlagDay
Wishing ⁦@POTUS⁩ ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ a very happy birthday #MAGA
I’m proud to serve on the @HouseCommerce Committee and of the solutions we have put forward to combat the #CrisisNextDoor. We have seen far too many lives taken too soon and are going to continue to fight this crisis.
Today the House is continuing to vote on dozens of bills to combat the opioid epidemic. We have put forward solutions focused on treatment and recovery, prevention and education, additional resources to protect our communities, and fighting fentanyl.
This morning I had a great meeting with Norma and Rachel from the @WNYAlz Association to discuss ways Congress can help fund research #ENDALZ
Today I toured the Niagara Falls Underground Railroad Heritage Center. This experiential museum tells the important story of the Underground Railroad and its history in Niagara Falls.
June is Alzheimer’s awareness month, where we are all encouraged to Go Purple to raise awareness and get involved to support this cause.
Great news for the @914Airliftwing - the House funded a new physical fitness center for the brave men and women who serve our nation from WNY. They currently are lacking a facility that allows them to meet their fitness requirements, and I was glad to help speed this process up
PRESS RELEASE: Collins Supports Bill Funding Numerous Initiatives Across WNY and Fingers Lakes Region -
The House just passed a $15 billion spending cut package. Due to failed and expensive policies implemented during the Obama Administration, our nation’s deficit has ballooned. We are working with @POTUS Trump to rein it in, hardworking taxpayers deserve better
PRESS RELEASE: Collins Secures Funding for Army Corps Account to Fund Great Lakes Coastal Resiliency Study -
I’m going to continue to work with the Army Corps to make sure this funding goes toward the GLCRS, an important study that will provide communities with more information, helping them to protect their shorelines, especially during times of severe weather
An amendment I authored just passed on the House floor. It would increase the Army Corps Investigations Account by $1.2 million, the cost of the first phase of the Great Lakes Coastal Resiliency Study
This bill will help us protect our communities, move goods, and will strengthen economic growth #WRDAworks
Yesterday the House passed the Water Resources and Development Act, which will improve our ports, waterways, locks, dams, flood protection and other critical water resources and infrastructure. #WRDAWorks
PRESS RELEASE: Collins Announces Funding for Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station Fitness Center -
RT @news10nbc: Congressman Chris Collins called Sciremammano's removal outrageous
RT @BNPartnership: .@DottieGC joined @NickVaugh from @USChamber to present @RepChrisCollins with the Spirit of Enterprise Award at @Sealing…
The VA MISSION Act was just signed into law. Our nation’s veterans deserve only the best and this important legislation will consolidate and standardize VA community care programs and provide funding for the continuation of the VA Choice Program.
On the 74th Anniversary of D-Day we remember the thousands who lost their lives and the sacrifice they made during such a critical moment in history
Policies we have championed, like tax reform and rolling back regulations, are making American business more competitive and creating good paying jobs.
Under @POTUS the unemployment rate has dropped to 3.8, the lowest rate in 18 years, and job openings have reached 6.6 million, the highest level recorded.
Yesterday marked @POTUS Trump’s 500th day in office. Under his leadership, the American economy is stronger, American workers are experiencing more opportunities, confidence is soaring, and business is booming
PRESS RELEASE: Collins Honors Seven Appointed Candidates at Annual NY-27 Service Academy Luncheon -
RT @WeAreALPA: How did the U.S. reduce airline fatalities? By raising the bar for pilot training, skill, and experience. Keep higher traini…
Thanks to House Republicans’ pro-growth policies like lifting regulations and cutting taxes, our economy is booming. Consumer confidence is at higher levels than we’ve seen in 18 years.
The @FTC and @NewYorkStateAG  also joined us at the Clarence Senior Center.Helpful information on fraud prevention is available here —&gt;
In Batavia kicking off our Consumer Protection Fraud Preventiom Workshop. Thanks to reps from the @FTC and @NewYorkStateAG for coming out to help educate our community.
ICYMI: Rep. Chris Collins how Immigration reform arrives with Goodlatte bill -
I have worked hard here in Congress to protect not only the Great Lakes, but also the communities that surround them. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of H. Res. 868, which designates this week as "Great Lakes Week"
Enjoyed meeting w/ constituents from the Citizen Climate Lobby at our Geneseo Office. Discussed several areas we agree we can work together to improve and protect our environment. #NY27
When it comes to the opioid epidemic, there is no one-size-fits-all solution. I am proud of the work we have done at @HouseCommerce to bring bipartisan, collaborative solutions to the House Floor that will help save lives.
Its been a busy few months serving on the @HouseCommerce committee. 14 bills we have reported have been signed into law. In the coming weeks, our package of 57 bills combatting the opioid epidemic will be on the @HouseFloor
Honored to serve as Grand Marshall of the Lewiston Memorial Day Parade. Today we pause to recognize the men women, including more than 400 from Lewiston, who made the ultimate sacrifice in service of freedom. #MemorialDay18
Today is National #PoppyDay to honor and remember those who have fought and died for our country. We will always remember the sacrifices our nation’s veterans have made to protect our freedoms.
PRESS RELEASE: Collins Calls on Postmaster General to Review Removal of Veterans Distributing Poppies at Rochester Post Offices -
The 2019 #NDAA just passed the House, giving our troops the biggest pay raise in 9 years and making important investments in our military capabilities. Republicans in Congress and @POTUS are committed to investing in a strong and powerful military.
PRESS RELEASE: Collins Applauds Passage of FY19 National Defense Authorization Act -
Tax reform is working by allowing more Americans to keep more of their hard earned paychecks. The National Association of Manufacturers recently reported that 72% of manufacturers plan to increase wages or benefits for workers #TaxReformWorks
PRESS RELEASE: Collins Participates in Mt. Morris Blue Star Memorial Marker Ceremony -
On #ArmedForcesDay2018, I was honored to be a part of the Blue Star Memorial Marker Dedication Ceremony at the Mt. Morris Veterans Park. Appreciate the Geneseo Garden Club the VFW American Legion Posts for planning this event to recognize all our Servicemembers.
ICYMI: I was featured by @HouseAgNews discussing the #2018FarmBill w/ USDA Under Secretary Greg Ibach and WNY dairy farmer Lyman Rudgers. The House is about to vote on this important bill.
PRESS RELEASE: Collins Backed Bills to Combat the Opioid Epidemic Head to House Floor -
Today at @HouseCommerce we are having another full committee markup on legislation related to combating the opioid epidemic. I am proud of the work we are doing to get important reforms to the House Floor that will help save lives.
RT @HouseCommerce: Chairman @repgregwalden, #SubHealth Chairman @michaelcburgess and #SubOversight Chairman @greggharper on ruling to prote…
House Republicans are implementing pro-growth policies like the Tax Cuts Jobs Act that have contributed to the lowest level of unemployment since 2000. We are working hard to improve the lives of Americans and leaving them with more money in their pockets.
Last week I met with students from the U.S. Army War College to talk about how I got my start in Congress and my top priorities. It was great to meet such impressive men and women, I thank them for their service and for taking the time to visit.
This year the names of 360 officers will be added to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial, including Officer Craig Lehner of the @BPDAlerts. His service and sacrifice will always be remembered
It is National #PoliceWeek where we honor the brave men and women who keep our communities safe. Tens of thousands of law enforcement officers are here in Washington to honor those that have paid the ultimate sacrifice.
Happy #MothersDay and thank you for all you do
Collins Honors Vietnam Veterans at Pinning Ceremony -
PRESS RELEASE: Collins’ Firefighter Cancer Registry Bill Passes Senate -
RT @RepChrisCollins: @CGYaffe @TheBuffaloNews @desrocherscd @CanadaNY @PablovaldesJuan @DCGKNasim @CanadaBUF @LindaSoltis @DandC @BfloBizFi…
@CGYaffe @TheBuffaloNews @desrocherscd @CanadaNY @PablovaldesJuan @DCGKNasim @CanadaBUF @LindaSoltis @DandC @BfloBizFirst Sorry to miss you, and thank you for the award
Collins Applauds Advancement of 25 Bills Addressing the Opioid Epidemic -
No Congress and Administration have rolled back more regulations using the Congressional Review Act than we have. This is a huge accomplishment and is putting us on track to grow our economy and ensure a bright future for our children and grandchildren
This week, the House passed a resolution under the Congressional Review Act to cut red-tape when it comes to auto lending that led to higher prices for consumers. This Congress, we've made significant progress rolling back Obama-era regs that stood in the way of economic growth
May is Military Appreciation Month and I express my deepest gratitude to the courageous men and women who keep our country safe. This month we celebrate your incredible bravery and selfless sacrifice.
