Thank you @SloAirport for stopping in to discuss ways to support modernize our air transportation system to reflect the growing demand. Over 485k passengers flew in or out of the Central Coast through SLO last year alone!
This month, I'm honoring the invaluable contributions of women who are improving communities across the Central Coast.Nominate someone you know who has made a difference in our community for the #CA24 Women of the Year Award:
On #InternationalWomensDay, we celebrate the brilliance and strength of women among us. We also recommit ourselves to the fight against gender discrimination in our schools, workplaces, communities for the women who will come after us.
I’m proud to support legislation to ensure we have clean fair elections #ForthePeople. H.R. 1 does just that.Glad to see it pass the House today and am hopeful my colleagues in the Senate will agree.
This landmark legislation is shining a light on dark money corporate donations. H.R. 1 tightens rules on super PACs, empowers the FEC’s enforcement abilities, repeals GOP rules that prevent commonsense disclosure of political spending. #ForthePeople
The For the People Act will:End the dominance of big money in politicsMake it easier for every citizen to exercise their constitutional right to voteEnsure public officials work for the people, not special interests#ForthePeople
Today, the House is finally working to clean up corruption in Washington by passing H.R. 1, the For The People Act. We're strengthening oversight, ending the reign of big money in politics, ensuring our government is of, by and #ForThePeople.
Since Citizens United, corporations special interests have unleashed billions of $s in dark money to influence our elections. 25 states have also passed new laws in the last 10 years to restrict voter turnout.
Nearly 2 in 5 voters do not believe our elections are fair, and half believe that not every vote will be counted come election time according to a recent poll.And who can blame them?
Our government should work for the American people – not on behalf of special interests, lobbyists, or corporations. #ForthePeople
Every woman has the right to live free from abuse. Today, Congress introduced legislation I fully support to reauthorize the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act. We must ensure all survivors have access to the resources safety they deserve. #VAWA
At yesterday's @HASCDemocrats hearing, I asked witnesses about their opinion of the President’s decision to withdraw from the INF treaty raised my own concerns. Watch here:
I agree the terms of the INF are outdated we cannot allow Russia to cheat w/o consequences. But when we consider what's at stake (a nuclear arms race) I believe we must hold Russia China accountable by renegotiating the terms, not scrap it while making no effort to replace it
@realDonaldTrump The Administration argues that because Russia is violating the terms of the INF agreement and because China was not a part of the treaty in 1987, we should abandon it completely. I think this is a mistake.
Like many Americans, I was deeply concerned when @realDonaldTrump announced his intention to withdraw from the INF Treaty – a landmark 1987 nuclear arms-control agreement President Reagan signed w/ Russia toward the end of the Cold War.
More than 2,700 children were separated from their parents detained by CBP last year.They were kept in chain-link cages.Some were sexually assaulted.Three children died in custody.Given these facts, @DHSgov Secretary Nielsen’s lies under oath today, she should resign.
These intrepid @SantaMariaHigh students braved the DC cold to engage with me about issues this Congress is tackling what it's like to represent the #CentralCoast. It’s always a pleasure meeting w/ students interested in the political process!
RT @countyofsb: Evacuation Orders for all areas in #SantaBarbaraCounty will be lifted at 8 a.m. Stay alert to changing conditions. Some roa…
Talk about a striking photo, @EliasonMike! ️Thank you to all our public safety officers who worked through the night during this storm to keep us safe.
Great news! Last night, the House passed the Streamlining Energy Efficiency Act, which I cosponsored, to improve our schools' energy efficiency projects redirect money for green educational programs. Glad to support smart, green policy that saves money reduces energy use.
Happy Fat Tuesday! Thanks to @RepGarretGraves for the king cake to help get my office in the #MardiGras spirit.To all those celebrating on the Central Coast: Laissez les bon Temps Rouler!
If you or a loved one is in need of help, don't hesitate to call the 24/7 suicide prevention hotline: 1-800-273-8255.
This devastating trend reflects the personal toll that climate change has had on those who stepped up to protect us. We must do more to address climate change ensure our firefighters receive the care that they need.
During natural disasters, firefighters are often our first line of defense. Unfortunately, last year, more firefighters died by suicide than in the line of duty.Climate change, and the extreme weather that comes with it, has made an already stressful job even harder.
RT @SBCountyOEM: El Sheriff del Condado de SB ha emitido una ORDEN DE EVACUACION debido a la fuerte tormenta que llegará mañana. Se ordena…
RT @SBCountyOEM: EVACUATION ORDER: The Santa Barbara County Sheriff’s Office has issued an EVACUATION ORDER due to a strong storm arriving…
ALERT: Parts of #SantaBarbara County are under mandatory evacuation order. If you are in a Debris Flow Risk Area you are ordered to evacuate by 4pm tomorrow 3/5. View the evacuation map get updated at
I visited Alabama this weekend, where I was greeted with open arms their famously warm Southern hospitality. My thoughts are with those all those affected by this terrible tragedy.
Politics should never affect the quality of our response to natural disasters. Not in California. Not in Puerto Rico. And not in Alabama.
Alabama deserves an A+ federal response after deadly tornadoes sadly took 23 lives yesterday. But POTUS has not applied this urgency to all natural disasters. Recently, he threatened to revoke FEMA funding from CA wildfire victims after our deadliest fire season on record.
We can't forget the ugly, legally-sanctioned discrimination in our not-so-distant past, or it's link to today's discriminatory voter suppression laws.Next week, we will vote on #HR1, which expands voting rights ensures every American can exercise their right to vote.
In the face of hate, they did not give up on the dream of equality for every American. Today, I joined colleagues civil rights icons on the #CivilRightsPilgrimage to pay tribute to their sacrifices and reflect on the work that still lies ahead. #MarchOn
54 years ago this week, civil rights advocates marched across the Edmund Pettus bridge in Selma, Alabama were beaten and tear-gassed by police in what became known as #BloodySunday.
In honor of #WomensHistoryMonth I'm happy to announce this year's Congressional Women of the Year Award!Nominate yourself or a woman in #CA24 who, through work or volunteerism, has gone above and beyond to make a positive impact in their community.
I'm spending this weekend on a #CivilRightsPilgrimage in Alabama with my colleague and hero, Rep. John Lewis. Today, we visited the @MemPeaceJustice - the only national memorial acknowledging the victims of racial terror lynchings.
I’m encouraging high school students on the Central Coast to apply for the 2019 Congressional Art Competition! #CAC2019Learn more and apply:
As Acting EPA Director, Andrew Wheeler rolled back critical emissions standards repealed the Clean Power Plan. Disappointed the Senate confirmed a former coal lobbyist to head the @EPA.I will keep working to protect the regulations that keep our air and water clean.
Thankful for the chance to tour the @HolocaustMuseum w/ colleagues reflect on our country’s response to the Holocaust.Now more than ever, as we face a disturbing rise in anti-Semitic incidents, we need robust education about the Holocaust dangers of anti-Semitism.
#HR1112 would bring background check waiting time in line w/ California law allow the FBI more time to run background checks. This will help stop prohibited gun owners, including convicted criminals, from slipping through the cracks.
I’m hopeful that HR 8’s passage is the first step of several measures that @HouseDemocrats will take to end gun violence once and for all.
I just voted YES on HR 8, the Bipartisan Background Checks Act to expand universal background checks and ensure all gun sales transfers - with a few sensible restrictions - undergoes a background check. No more loopholes. #EndGunViolence
Background checks work. That's why 97% of Americans (including gun owners) support them.It's crucial to close loopholes that allow prohibited persons, whether convicted felons or domestic abusers, from purchasing a firearm online or at a gun show w/o a background check.
Oil spills don't just damage our environment, they also handicap the fishing industry tourism economy. We need greater transparency in granting these waivers so the public can be sure that workers and coastlines are adequately protected.
Nearly 1,700 waivers have been granted to oil companies, so they don't have to comply with protections implemented after the Deepwater Horizon oil spill killed 11 people and released 5 million gallons of crude oil off America's southern coast.
In California alone, there are 40 military construction projects that are now at risk of funding cuts. These projects were meant to improve quality of life for our servicemembers, not fulfill a campaign promise to the President's base.
I agree, no President has the power to ignore the Constitution.That's why today, I joined a bipartisan group of Members to pass a resolution overturning @POTUS' irrational national emergency declaration.
Welcome to the 805, Chief Hartwig! I look forward to working with you to help ensure the safety of Central Coast residents in @countyofsb.
In 2017, transportation emissions accounted for about 28.7% U.S. greenhouse gas emissions. Any major infrastructure investment must incentivize local communities and industry to reduce their carbon emissions by creating programs to support innovation experimentation.
Today's @TransportDems hearing focused on just that: strategies to improve our infrastructure to withstand the effects of climate change and efforts to reduce the transportation sector's carbon emissions.
I served as Chair in today's @TransportDems hearing on how #climatechange impacts transportation...because @RepPeterDefazio's flight was grounded due to heavy snow.It's a perfect example of climate change's consequences the need to improve our infrastructure's resiliency.
Freed from oversight and accountability, states and localities are denying the right to vote to thousands. I'm an original cosponsor of H.R. 4, the Voting Rights Advancement Act, because we must #RestoreTheVote.
This weekend, we gathered in Santa Maria to honor the invaluable contributions of African Americans throughout our nation's history. Glad to be part of this powerful moment see performances by Pioneer Valley High students the Central Coast's NAACP Youth. #BlackHistoryMonth
Despite the onslaught of attacks on our environmental protections in recent days, we must continue fighting for what’s right—our public lands, clean water and air are worth fighting for.
I'm thrilled that #LWCF will continue to help the Central Coast communities across the nation protect the treasures in their own backyards for all to enjoy. Read more about this important program:
On the Central Coast, the #LWCF has helped protect #PublicLands like the Carrizo Plain, @LosPadresNF, @CHISNPS, Montaña de Oro State Park Carpinteria State Beach.
The Land and Water Conservation Fund is America’s best parks program – it helps create public land projects without using a dime of taxpayer money. Today I’m voting YES to permanently reauthorize the #LWCF so we can protect public lands across the country for future generations.
New York's Red Flag bill is a commonsense, life-saving measure that allows teachers law enforcement to take action when there is an impending threat. More states should take this type of bold action to reduce gun violence.
The Trump Administration owes Congress answers -- we need to know how many families were separated and their plan to reunify every child with their loved ones. It’s time to end this cruel, government-sanctioned child abuse. #EndFamilySeparation
I introduced the bipartisan Extreme Risk Protection Order Act w/ @SenFeinstein to encourage states to follow NY's lead. We must take action to address failures that led to the #Parkland massacre keep firearms out of the hands of individuals in crisis.
RT @RepAnthonyBrown: Fellow veterans and national security Democrats agree: There is no national emergency on the border, and the active du…
With cancer rates in the 9/11 first responder community rising, our 9/11 heroes should have the peace of mind knowing that the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund can help them and their families. We must #Renew911VCF
RT @TransportDems: Today, @TransportDems are focusing on ways to mitigate the effects of climate change by reducing carbon emissions and ma…
Thank you to everyone who came out to my sidewalk office hours in Santa Maria this week! It was a pleasure to meet all of you hear your concerns. To get info about my next event, sign up for my office’s newsletter:
Thanks to Granite Construction for the tour of their site in Buellton. As vice-chair of @TransportDems, I look forward to working with stakeholders in our community to invest in infrastructure, fix the Highway Trust Fund and reduce permitting delays. Thanks for having me!
This week I visited the Santa Maria Public Library and joined a bilingual children's storytelling group. I am grateful to see the hard work local libraries do through community events to educate our youth, shape future generations, and bring us closer together.
The deadline for students attending community college or a university in California during the 2019-2020 school year to fill out their FAFSA or the CA Dream Act application is March 2nd! Don't forget to apply to receive financial aid:
It was great meeting with Lompoc Mayor, Janelle Osbourne, and City Manager Jim Throop earlier this week! Had a productive discussion about how I can best meet Lompoc's needs in Congress and support for the Vandenberg Air Force Base.
I’m proud to co-lead the Climate Change Health Protection and Promotion Act, which implements a strategic plan so our public health agencies are prepared for the future.
Climate change doesn't just affect our environment, our health is at risk too. From increased lung issues due to poor air quality to more people contracting Lyme disease due to longer tick seasons, intensifying weather puts all American's health at risk:
This Saturday, join me at the Diablo Canyon Decommissioning Community Engagement Panel meeting in SLO. I’ll provide an update on oversight of the safety of spent nuclear fuel storage and transportation.
The #DirtyWaterRule will cancel Clean Water Act protections for the streams that feed drinking water sources for tens of millions of people. We can't let that happen. We must #ProtectCleanWater
Great seeing constituents and old friends at the Bracero Mariachi Opera! The Opera, which is based on the Braceros who came to CA in the 1950s as farm laborers, was especially touching for me as my own father came to the US through the Bracero Program.
I join many others in being grateful for their work, which is why during last year’s government shutdown I donated my salary to Direct Relief’s Mudslide Fund.Thank you to @DirectRelief and their volunteers for the work you do!
Thanks @DirectRelief for the tour of your new facility in Santa Barbara!Direct Relief's emergency response was vital to local recovery efforts after the Thomas Fire and 1/9 Debris Flow strained our community and our resources.
I’m an original cosponsor of HR 1137, which eliminates the President’s ability to divert disaster recovery funds during a national emergency.
Barely a year ago, the Central Coast faced devastating natural disasters that destroyed lives property. @USACEHQ’s disaster recovery projects were instrumental in getting our community back on it’s feet. @POTUS should not be able to rob those funds in order to pay for his wall.
Happy #PresidentsDay! Thankful for visionary leaders who have led our country through the years.
Climate change is a national emergency.Gun violence is a national emergency.There are REAL national emergencies in our country. Immigrants seeking  asylum in our country – when immigration at our southern border has fallen 80%  since 2000 – is not one of them.
I look forward to providing further oversight of this ill-considered decision that impacts our military readiness as a member of @HASCDemocrats.
Fabricating a national emergency to divert $ from critical military construction projects, meant to improve dilapidated housing crumbling roads on bases, does not befit a Commander in Chief.@POTUS is neglecting our servicemembers and their families to build his wall.
Presidents have invoked the National Emergencies Act twice, during Operation Desert Shield after 9/11. They built airfields, runways, medical facilities barracks – projects necessary to support our armed forces.A border wall does NOTHING to further our military objectives.
After failing to get Mexico and Congress to pay for his wall, the President is now attempting to exploit our military resources in order to fulfill a campaign promise to his base. This is irresponsible policy that sets a dangerous precedent.
RT @RepDonBeyer: In the year since Parkland, the number of states with ERPO laws has doubled, and most of these new laws were signed by Rep…
So thankful I married my Valentine 32 years ago today. Happy anniversary and happy Valentine’s Day to my incredible wife, Gina. Sending you my love from across the country today.
Today, I'm introducing the bipartisan Extreme Risk Protection Order Act w/ @SenFeinstein to help address the failures that led to the massacre in Parkland, by keeping firearms out of the hands of individuals in crisis to save lives.
Simply put, these unimaginable tragedies could have been prevented. After the 2014 shooting in Isla Vista, California took swift bold action to ensure it would never happen again. When it comes to gun safety, every state should have the means to follow CA's lead.
Oftentimes, perpetrators display imminent warning signs before carrying out an attack.In #Parkland, the shooter's friend contacted law enforcement to warn them of a potential school shooting. Unfortunately, police had no legal means of temporarily removing his firearms.
Sadly, I know the pain gun violence inflicts first-hand. When I was 12, my sister took her own life using a firearm. Then, in 2014 a disturbed gunman in Isla Vista killed 6 people injured 14 others.We cannot allow these preventable tragedies to become the new normal.
While many of us celebrate Valentine’s Day with loved ones today, #Parkland survivors are mourning friends and family members that they lost a year ago today, when a disturbed gunman shot and killed 17 students and teachers at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.
RT @GiffordsCourage: When shooters show warning signs, families and law enforcement are often powerless to stop them. Extreme risk laws let…
I know that moments of silence are not enough. That's why tomorrow, @SenFeinstein and I will be introducing the Extreme Risk Protection Order Act. This is bold, bipartisan legislation that keeps firearms out of the hands of individuals in crisis and would save countless lives.
Today, the House held a moment of silence to honor the victims of the #Parkland shooting. Sadly, year after year, we hold more moments of silence, but have been unable to take action.
Today marks the 1st EVER full committee hearing on #EndingHomelessness. On the Central Coast, sky-rocketing rent has contributed to a housing crisis that our community continues to grapple with.Read more about my work to ensure everyone has access to safe affordable housing:
The #TrumpShutdown left air traffic controllers other federal workers without a paycheck, including Central Coast families building their homes lives after last year's devastating wildfires and 1/9 Debris Flow. �
This morning, the @TransportDems Committee questioned experts about the impact the government shutdown had on the aviation industry, including the financial toll it took on air traffic controllers.
Loved hanging out with @ASPCA and meeting this cat in a hat! Hope my rescue cats at home don't get too jealous.
No American should have to jeopardize their job or economic security to care for a new child or recover from an illness.That's why I'm an original cosponsor of the #FAMILYAct will keep fighting to enhance policies that bring us closer to an economy that works for everyone.
Congratulations to Ethan McKinley on his new appointment as superintendent at the Channel Islands National Park! Looking forward to working with Ethan to forge strong partnerships that preserve the @CHISNPS and strengthen our economy.
Ralph Rodriguez was a longtime Lompoc resident and distinguished WWII veteran. He will be dearly missed and I’m incredibly grateful for his service to our country and his contributions to our community. My thoughts are with his family and his loved ones.
Great meeting w/ members of the American Hiking Society this afternoon. A special thank you to Karen from Santa Maria for making the trip to DC to discuss the importance of preserving our public lands outdoor spaces. Looking forward to hiking together on the Central Coast!
Every state should have the resources to follow California's lead. That’s why I introduced the Gun Violence Restraining Order Act last year, to give states a tool to prevent gun violence before it happens save lives.
Every day, #GunLawsSaveLives—but only in states with the courage to enact them. Proud of CA’s A rating from @GiffordsCourage for our strong record on gun safety excited to keep up the momentum to address our nation’s gun violence epidemic.
The Trump admin’s rush to sell-off the Arctic Wildlife Refuge must be halted. Glad to cosponsor @RepHuffman @RepBrianFitz's bipartisan legislation to preserve the Arctic from destructive oil exploration and restore critical protections. #ProtectTheArctic
Great night with my son and UCSB fans at the @ucsbbasketball game this weekend! #GoGauchos
Saddened by the passing of @RepWalterJones. He was an exemplary public servant w/ the conviction to reach across the aisle to get things done. I was privileged to serve w/ him on the Armed Services Cmte work together on campaign finance reform. My thoughts are w/ his loved ones
Increasingly, companies are listening to their shareholders agreeing to disclose some of their political contributions and lobbying activities. A standard reporting requirement would dramatically curb the influence of dark money in our politics.
Voices of voters shouldn't be drowned out by secret contributions from companies who put profit above public interest.I re-introduced the Corporate Political Disclosure Act, which requires publicly traded corporations to disclose political expenditures.
Since #CitizensUnited, corporations have taken advantage of loose reporting requirements to obscure their influence on elections. For years, House Republicans have blocked our ability to shine a light on this secret flow of money in our elections. It's time for that to change.
Protecting our public lands, like our own cherished Carrizo Plain, is an environmental and economic priority. I’m proud to be a cosponsor of the ANTIQUITIES Act, which enhances protections for our national monuments ensuring they will be preserved for generations to come.
Being a parent should never keep a veteran from accessing the care they need and deserve. As a veteran and a parent myself, I'm glad to see the Veterans Access to Childcare Act pass today. #ChildCare4Vets
Yesterday marked my first hearing serving as Vice Chair of @TransportDems!From our roads to our waterways, Americans rely on infrastructure every single day. We can't afford to keep ignoring the trillion-dollar backlog of maintenance repair needs.
For 6 million veteran parents, obtaining medical treatment can be extremely difficult if they can't access childcare. Vets deserve unobstructed access to the care treatment they deserve, which is why I voted today to pass the Veteran’s Access to Childcare Act. #ChildCare4Vets
Yesterday, Congress held a long overdue hearing on reforming our campaign finance system how the #ForThePeople Act helps tilt the balance of power away from special interests back to the American people.Read how I'm working to shine a light on dark money in our elections:
This week, for the first time in 8 years, we held hearings on some of the biggest issues facing Americans today: Climate Change Gun Violence Campaign Finance Reform@HouseDemocrats aren't here to waste time. Excited to solve these issues more in the 116th Congress.
Secondary cockpit barriers are a simple cost-effective solution to prevent hijackings. I support @WeAreALPA's call to protect the safety of our airline pilots passengers by implementing the 2018 FAA Reauthorization's cockpit barrier standards across all commercial aircraft.
17 of the hottest years on record occurred in the past 18 years. House GOP leadership refused to hold hearings on climate change, but we can’t ignore our � any longer. Today @NRDems held their first hearing on climate change. It’s time to #ActOnClimate in the 116th Congress.
Sporting our avocado apparel today for our meeting with the California Avocado Commission! Had a wonderful discussion about the issues affecting Central Coast avocado growers and our local agricultural industry.
Not one mention of climate change tonight from @POTUS. We cannot afford to ignore increasing threats from wildfires, drought, hurricanes any longer. People’s lives depend on our action. #SOTU2019
Far too many lives have been taken at the hands of gun violence. It’s time to honor the victims with action and pursue common-sense, bipartisan legislation that prevents gun violence and saves lives.#SOTU2EndGunViolence
I was heartbroken and sickened by the shooting at the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh. It was a senseless hate crime. Anti-semitism and bigotry have no place in our society.
Ensuring women are afforded economic opportunities also means ensuring they have the right to make their own decisions about their own bodies. #SOTU2019
The Administration’s decision to withdraw from the INF treaty threatens our national security and brings us closer to a nuclear arms race. #SOTU2019
It does not serve our national security interests to ban transgender soldiers from being able to serve the country they have stepped up to protect. #SOTU2019 #ProtectTransTroops.
Our nation is strengthened by our relationships with our allies. We should be working with them, not against them. #SOTU2019
One thing @POTUS got right in his #SOTU tonight: more women are serving in Congress than ever before. So honored to be serving alongside them.
I stand ready to work with the Administration as the Vice Chair of @TransportDems to secure strategic investment in modern, renewable, resilient infrastructure projects. #SOTU2019
Retaliatory tariffs imposed by China on US agriculture and fruit hit close to home on the #CentralCoast. At a time when CA ranchers and farmers are facing a labor shortage historic drought, @POTUS used American growers as pawns in a trade war. 
.@POTUS expressed a desire tonight to break through partisan gridlock that all Americans share. Unfortunately, in the same speech, he continued to divide us further. His actions after this TV appearance will speak louder than his words. #SOTU2019
The Central Coast's thriving agricultural industry relies on a steady, legal immigrant workforce. Many local farmers and growers have told me that one of their top concerns is the costly ongoing labor shortage, which is exacerbated by the President’s immigration policies. #SOTU
Fact check: the only crisis at the border is the one @POTUS manufactured himself with his extreme immigration policies. In fact, apprehensions at the US-Mexico border are at a 45 year low. #SOTU2019
I met with @CPB agents in Alamogordo, NM two months ago to hear directly about what they need to carry out their duties more effectively. They mentioned advanced tech, including sensors, more personnel improved infrastructure at ports of entry. Not one mentioned a wall. #SOTU
We cannot govern under continuous threat of a government shutdown. Instead of using fear-mongering falsehoods to achieve his political goals, I encourage @POTUS to work with @HouseDemocrats toward smart, bipartisan solutions that meet our border security needs. #SOTU2019
The President should not be attempting to undermine the Special Counsel's investigation during the #SOTU. Mueller's investigation must be allowed to continue without obstruction.
When he talks about rolling back “burdensome” regulations, @POTUS is really talking about undermining the environmental protections that ensure we have clean air to breath and clean water to drink. #SOTU2019
The Trump Administration has undermined Americans’ access to affordable health care at every turn. Instead of defending the Affordable Care Act, he’s urging federal courts to strike down it’s protections for people with pre-existing conditions as unconstitutional. #SOTU2019
.@POTUS tells us "we have launched an unprecedented economic boom"Meanwhile, he ignores the fact that he shut down the government over a senseless campaign promise. That temper tantrum cost our economy $3 billion in permanent losses. #SOTU2019
.@POTUS took credit for declining unemployment rates, but what he failed to address was the fact that more and more Americans are taking two or three jobs to pay the bills. It’s time we focus on policies that help the middle class, not tax benefits for the wealthiest 1%. #SOTU
To really help America's workers @POTUS can️ Support the Raise the Wage Act so every American has a living wage.️ Reform our tax code to benefit the middle-class, not the wealthiest 1%.️ Not hold federal employees’ paychecks hostage to secure a campaign promise.#SOTU2019
Working families across America are working full time jobs and still struggling to make ends meet. I’m proud to be a cosponsor of the Raise the Wage Act, which would gradually increase the minimum wage to $15 by 2024. #SOTU2019
RT @SpecNews1SoCal: .@RepCarbajal hopes Pres. Trump abandons divisive rhetoric focuses on issues like immigration, healthcare climate c…
Grateful to have Erik Talkin, the CEO of @FoodBankSBC join me at #SOTU2019 tonight. Erik the Foodbank worked hard to help federal workers put food on the table during the government shutdown.
Happy Lunar New Year to everyone celebrating on the Central Coast! Wishing you all good fortune and joy in the #YearOfThePig.
Tomorrow, @POTUS will address the nation at the #SOTU2019. Over the last two years, the President's actions have spoken far louder than his words, but I'm hoping he will go beyond fear-mongering and offer bipartisanship and compromise.Here's what I'm watching for tomorrow:
Erik @FoodbankSBC have a long history of working to combat food insecurity in our community. They recently helped feed families of 458 federal workers who had nowhere else to turn during the 35-day shutdown. Grateful he will join me at #SOTU tomorrow.
I recently voted for $1.6 billion in strategic border security measures and as negotiations continue, I will support expanding this funding for smart and effective solutions that do not rely on a costly and ineffective wall.
When I visited a @CBP facility in New Mexico earlier this month, I spoke with agents about the need for better technology, more personnel, improved infrastructure at our ports of entry. They never mentioned a wall, which is a antiquated solution to a modern problem.
Erik and the Santa Barbara County Foodbank have a long history of working to combat food insecurity in our community, and they recently stepped up to help feed the families of 458 federal workers who had nowhere else to turn during the 35 day government shutdown.
Excited to announce that the CEO of the Santa Barbara Foodbank, Erik Talkin, will be my State of the Union Guest this year!
RT @NWSFlashFlood: Flash Flood Warning continues for Santa Barbara CA, Carpinteria CA, Montecito CA until 9:45 AM PST
I agree! Climate change is one of the most significant challenges of our time with impacts that affect everyone, regardless of political party. Proud to be a cosponsor of such important bipartisan legislation.
ATTN: Parts of Santa Barbara County are under mandatory evacuation order. If you are in a Debris Flow Risk Area you must evacuate by 8pm. View the evacuation map and get updated at
My colleagues in the @HouseNewDems come from diverse backgrounds and serve on a variety of different committees. I’m excited to work alongside them to turn ideas into action on the most important issues facing Central Coast families.
Thrilled to be a co-chair of the @HouseNewDems task force on Infrastructure alongside @StaceyPlaskett, @RepJasonCrow, and @RepSlotkin! Excited to hit the ground running to secure robust investments in our nation's crumbling infrastructure.
RT @countyofsb: EVACUATION ORDER: The Santa Barbara County Sheriff’s Office has issued an EVACUATION ORDER due to heavy rain arriving late…
Alert: Weather advisory in effect for certain areas below Sherpa, Whittier, and Thomas Fire burn areas. Please remain alert and prepare to leave if necessary. Get updates at
RT @countyofsb: Weather Advisory issued for Sherpa, Whittier, Thomas fire burn areas due to a strong storm forecast for late Friday P.M. (2…
Federal employees staff VA hospitals, help Central Coast families navigate their Medicare Social Security benefits preserve our public land. This adjustment comes in addition to the locality pay increase for San Luis Obispo employees, which went into effect earlier this month
The #TrumpShutdown left 800,000 of our federal employees without pay for over a month. Today, I gladly joined my colleagues in voting to recognize their dedication specialized skill set by lifting the federal worker pay freeze to give our federal workforce a long-overdue raise.
My first priority is to ensure the safety of Central Coast residents while the Diablo Canyon Nuclear Power Plant is in operation and to ensure it's decommissioning funding requirements are met.
In light of bankruptcy filing, I have written to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to clarify how this development will affect the commission’s oversight of the Diablo Canyon Nuclear Power Plant in San Luis Obispo.
RT @SBCountyOEM: Una tormenta arribara al Condado de  Santa Barbara  manana por la noche (miercoles). Se pronostican promedios de lluvia me…
@RepTedDeutch My family’s rescue cats, Jeeps and Peeps, support the #PACTAct too, because it helps prevent animal cruelty and torture. They’re glad I’m working to #ProtectOurPets.
Now, @POTUS has threatened to invoke a national emergency, and redirect funding away from military construction projects that would benefit the men and women who serve our nation every day, in order to fund his senseless border wall.
Last year, I received a call from a Central Coast family exposed to high levels of lead while living on-base in military housing. Allowing our servicemembers to live in such dilapidated conditions is a disgrace I wrote to @DeptofDefense requesting funding to address the issue.
RT @SBCountyOEM: Storm arriving in SB Co tomorrow night (Wed). Rainfall rates are forecast to be below debris flow thresholds. Stay alert t…
Glad to report I received a 100% rating from @EqCA for my legislative record last year! I’m thankful for the work being done by Equality California proud of my proven track record supporting legislation that advances civil rights and social justice for the LGBT community.
Today is the 10th anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, which brought us closer to ensuring everyone, regardless of their gender, receives equal pay for equal work.  I know there’s even more work to be done, which is why I’m a cosponsor of the #PaycheckFairness Act.
In the face of unrelenting attacks on our environment, it's more important than ever to reject oil leasing development off our shores. That’s why I’m re-introducing the California Clean Coast Act, which prohibits future oil drilling off the coast of California.
50 years ago today, the Santa Barbara oil spill devastated our coastline’s vibrant ecosystem and handicapped our local economy for several months. Our coastal community, and communities across California, cannot afford another disastrous oil spill.
RT @NRDems: The blatant, corrupt favoritism shown towards oil gas companies during the #TrumpShutdown makes it clear: the president and h…
I’m glad @realDonaldTrump finally agreed to reopen the government until mid-February. It looks just like the deal we passed weeks ago to keep government open through mid-February. This was a completely unnecessary shutdown that hurt millions of Americans.
This shutdown is an unconscionable threat to our national security. @POTUS and @senatemajldr need to reopen the government and stop negotiating on the backs of those who work every day to keep us safe.
This shutdown has left @uscoastguard members w/o paychecks, food allowances, or housing allowances. Last week, I met with Coast Guard servicemembers stationed in Morro Bay to hear their stories firsthand and discuss the resources available to them.
We can no longer afford to ignore our failing infrastructure, which Americans rely on each day. I'm ready to hit the ground running as Vice Chair with @RepPeterDeFazio @TransportDems to help put Americans back to work by securing robust investments in our infrastructure.
I had to reschedule my town hall on the Central Coast this week to stay in Washington DC and keep working to end the senseless #TrumpShutdown. But I still want to hear from you!  Don't miss my Facebook Town Hall TONIGHT at 4pm PST. Watch it live at
I just voted for the 10th time to reopen government while @POTUS @SenateMajLdr continue to hold 800,000 federal workers hostage. It’s time to #EndTheShutdown and get federal employees back to work serving the American people and receiving the pay they are due.
Proud to stand with community members yesterday at the Martin Luther King Jr Commemoration and Unity March in Santa Barbara. Today, and every day, we honor Martin Luther King Jr’s legacy by standing united against injustice. #MLKDay
46 years ago today, #RoevWade made abortion legal in the US and solidified a woman’s right to make decisions about her own body future on her own terms.  Since then, this right has come under attack, but I promise to keep fighting for reproductive freedom for all.
I urge the President to reopen the government immediately so we can continue negotiating border security funding, without denying hard-working federal employees their paychecks.
The latest proposal includes changes to the legal asylum system that would only exacerbate the chaos at the border, keeps his senseless demand for a $5.7 billion border wall provides only temporary protection for only a fraction of our nation’s #Dreamers.
.@POTUS has talked a big game about “good faith” negotiations, but his latest proposal is far from a compromise – it's a sham. You don't have to take it from me
My town hall on the Central Coast was rescheduled this week so I could remain in D.C. keep working to end the government shutdown, but I still want to hear directly from you. Join me for a Facebook Live Town Hall TOMORROW at 4pm.Submit a question here:
Discriminating against those who want to step up serve our country not based on their readiness to serve, but solely on their gender identity, is bigoted. I’m deeply disappointed by this #SCOTUS decision will continue fighting to #ProtectTransTroops.
MLK Jr.’s legacy is a powerful reminder that when we stand together against oppression, we can bend the arc of history toward justice. Today every day, we can honor his legacy by fighting for an America that embraces diversity, opportunity, equality for all Americans. #MLKDay
Inspiring to march with local activists at the #WomensMarch2019 in San Luis Obispo and Santa Maria yesterday! Honored to stand alongside allies to keep up the fight for women’s rights, human rights, and a more fair and inclusive America.
While the report acknowledges the vulnerabilities in our military readiness, it offers no strategy for mitigating these risks. We cannot afford this level of inaction from this Administration on the most significant challenge of our lifetimes.
A changing climate poses an immense threat to our national security. That’s why @HASCDemocrats directed the @DeptofDefense to report on how it's affecting our military readiness the report confirms what we suspected: nearly all our military installations are at risk.
VOLUNTEERS NEEDED: @SLO_CountyGov need volunteers to help complete a county-wide count of the homeless population. An accurate count helps ensure homeless individuals, including veterans, can receive the services they need.  Register to volunteer here:
ATTN: @FoodBankSBC has extended their schedule for food distribution to furloughed federal employees in Santa Barbara County. Distributions will take place on 1/23 and 1/25 from 1-2:30pm. RT to spread awareness.
I’m thrilled to start working on these new opportunities and urge Leader McConnell and the President to immediately reopen the government so that we can start getting things done for the American people.
My position on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee is an opportunity to advocate for strategic infrastructure projects that improve our resiliency to drought and climate change, ensure pipeline safety, and make robust investments in our roads and highways.
Agriculture is an economic driver in our community, grossing over $2 trillion dollars a year and as a member of the Agriculture Committee I’ll be able to more effectively advocate for the farmers, ranchers, and agricultural workers in our community.
I’m excited to announce that, in addition to @HASCDemocrats, I’ll be joining the Transportation Infrastructure Committee as well as the Agriculture Committee. I'm honored to serve on these committees, where I can address the issues affecting Central Coast families each day.
I urge the President Leader McConnell to focus on reopening the government and provide relief to federal workers and agencies whose resources are already being strained.
.@POTUS has called unpaid federal employees back to work solely to pursue his plans to expand oil gas drilling. Forcing work on expanding oil gas drilling lease sales, while putting the needs of federal workers national parks on hold, is indefensible
RT @cspanwj: ICYMI: @RepCarbajal discusses border security, "Walls are antiquated, people go through them, under them, above them... They…
RT @cspanwj: Rep. Salud Carbajal (D-CA) discusses the impact of the government shutdown on border security immigration
Glad to cosponsor the Disability Integration Act to expand civil rights for adults w/ disabilities ensure they can live independently in their communities. #DIAToday
That's why I've cosponsored #HR8, the Bipartisan Background Checks Act, and will continue to advocate for similar bipartisan legislation that prevents gun violence and saves lives. #NeverAgain.
This month marks 8 years since the Tucson Shooting, where 6 individuals died dozens were injured, including Congresswoman @GabbyGiffords. It’s time that we honor victims of gun violence with action, not just thoughts prayers.
