Last night I stood in support of the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. It should shock our consciences that Congress voted down this bill.There should be no debate that a child who is born alive should be cared for and protected.
RT @RominaBoccia: Thank you @RepCloudTX for raising awareness for how Congress obscures the full costs of policy changes by ignoring intere…
In today's “compromise” – Congress could not find $5.7 billion for a barrier that Customs and Border Protection has requested to help end the humanitarian crisis on our border.Yet the bill contains more than $12 billion in international assistance.#CongressIsBroken
Turns out it costs $396 billion
Party leaders sent us an 1169-page bill this morning. Vote is this evening.As of 1pm, congressional offices were calling each other to see if anyone even knew the total costI cosponsored a 1-week extension to fund the gov't while we #ReadTheBill negotiate a real compromise
SURVEY: The support shown for the “Green New Deal” – including from several presidential candidates - is alarming. It would be nothing short of an unprecedented socialist reorganization of our society.Please let me know what you think:
RT @Brian_Riedl: While Twitter focused on the silly "Green New Deal".... Rep. Michael Cloud (@RepCloudTX) dropped a great new bill requirin…
RT @FindFarmCredit: Our board chairman, Jimmy Dodson, left, met with Rep. Michael Cloud and his wife, Rosel, at Texas Agriculture's Welcome…
RT @SharonLWood: Terrific day in our nation’s capital with my fellow engineering deans at Texas universities! And big thanks to @RepBillFlo…
During #SOTU, I appreciated the discussion of how we came together during WWII - there’s more that unites than divides us. Congress must put aside party politics, recognize that ending the humanitarian crisis on our border should not be a partisan
RT @NateOnTheHill: I spoke with @RepCloudTX about the need for border security and his first impressions of Washington as a new congressman…
My Washington team and I were honored to be presented with the official U.S. Army seal. I will proudly display this in my office as a small show of support to our nation's oldest military branch.
RT @USTermLimits: Thank you @RepCloudTX for cosponsoring HJR20 to term limit Congress.#TermLimits
While some things have changed in Congress, my commitment to serving the people of our district defending our Texas values remains the samePlease take this survey let me know your opinion on several important issues expected to come before
Was on House Floor to discuss humanitarian crisis at border. Cartels abuse U.S. generosity profit from trafficking drugs/humans. Border wall would push back on these crimes, ensuring migrants cross at port of entry protected by law enforcementWatch:
SURVEY: Last night, the House (with my support) passed a spending bill that included funding for a border wall. As we wait on the Senate to pass or reject the bill, please share your thoughts with me on the construction of a border wall:
To fix the FEMA process, we need change at the federal level. In the meantime, families and communities need help navigating this complex system.Check out this guest column in @Vicadvocate for my take on this complicated issue.
Our part of Texas is fueling the world! Today the first ship full of Liquified Natural Gas left Cheniere Energy’s new facility in San Patricio County!
Big thanks to CEO Strawbridge, along with Exec. Dir. John LaRue and the Port Commissioners led by Chairman Charles Zahn, for their tireless work to make this important project a reality. This project is going to have a huge impact on job growth across our entire region.
Productive meeting with the National Association of Insurance and Financial Advisors to discuss retirement security issues how to ensure stability for retirees.
RT @Aggie_GR: Thank you to #Aggie staffers with @RepArrington and @RepCloudTX for speaking to @Texas4H students about working on Capitol Hi…
Today I questioned FEMA Administrator Brock Long about the hurricane recovery process at an Oversight and Gov't Reform hearing. After dozens of mtgs with local leaders residents I was able to discuss our concerns with Mr. Long.Video:
Great to talk infrastructure and transportation solutions with the Corpus Christi Regional Transit Authority!Find out more about my positions on infrastructure and transportation:
SURVEY: Newly elected Members of Congress will take office in January, but the current Congress will continue through December. As the 115th Congress wraps up, which issues do you feel are most important to address?Take the SURVEY here:
Had a chance to talk with @kiii3news about meeting with President Trump to make the case for the Port of Corpus Christi's Channel Improvement Project......and what this week's BIG announcement will mean for jobs across our entire
Great news! $71 Million was announced to improve the ship channel at the Port of Corpus Christi! @PoccaPort This will create jobs across our district, increase exports of Eagle Ford oil, protect allies from dependence on Russian/Iranian energyVideo:
The American economy is booming! And it's making a real difference in the lives of workers and their
Great to see everyone at the Texas Agricultural Cooperative Council conference! I was able to give an update on legislation affecting agriculture and to hear from farmers and ranchers about the issues they're concerned about.
Thanks to the 4th grade class at DeLeon Elementary in Victoria for having me out to talk! A wonderful audience with some great questions!
I'm happy to report that Port Aransas ISD has received $1.2 million in hurricane recovery funds!Helping schools, families communities navigate the complex FEMA process is a priority for me as your representative. Read more about PAISD's story here:
After our discussion aboard Air Force One, President Trump called for action to improve our ports during a speech this past
I had a great time talking with everyone who came out to Mobile Office Hours in Luling to share their input and get assistance from my office!Couldn't make it? Let me know how we can help at
As we debate healthcare reforms and brace for even higher Obamacare-driven premium increases, I’d like to hear how this law has impacted you.Do you have a story that illustrates the state of healthcare in America? Tell me about it
Great to see that Pastor Andrew Brunson has been released. Pastor Brunson ran the Resurrection Church in Izmir, Turkey, until he was wrongfully imprisoned and held under house arrest in 2016. It's wonderful to see him go free today.
I applaud @POTUS for his efforts to combat human trafficking. This modern slavery affects adults and children of all backgrounds and must come to an end.
Happy #NationalManufacturingDay! American manufacturing is growing at its fastest rate in 23 years! Check out this video celebrating recent job creation and the great work being done in our
Teachers have a demanding, thankless, critically important job. As the husband of a teacher father of 3 students, definitely appreciate the vital contribution teachers make to our nation's success. Happy World Teachers Day to all teachers making a difference in students' lives!
On Gold Star Mothers Day, we remember mothers whose children gave their lives for our nation. I pray for God's peace for these mothers who have sacrificed so much - today and every day. We as a nation are indebted to you.
Yesterday I voted to make this year's tax cuts permanent for middle class families, workers, and small businesses. This year we've seen more jobs, bigger paychecks, and historic economic growth - let's keep it that way!
A @WSJ op-ed highlights how conservative economic policies are placing more Americans in stable, full-time jobs.“Over the past year...the number of people working full time increased by more than three
On #NationalPOWMIARecognitionDay we remember those who have sacrificed so much for our country. #YouAreNotForgotten
RT @callerdotcom: Corpus Christi Marine receives medals 48 years after earning them
What an honor to be able to assist Mr. Gonzalez in receiving his long-overdue medals!
As a small business owner myself, I can tell you that cutting taxes and burdensome federal regulations leads to job creation and economic growth!
Happy Constitution Day! Today as we celebrate the greatest political document ever written, let each of us do our part to return our government to the founding principles and limits set by the Constitution. #wethepeople
To represent you well, I need your input! I will be sending an occasional eNewsletter to keep you informed and to ask your opinion on important issues Congress will be considering.Sign up here to receive my eNewsletters make sure your voice is
