Thanks to Duane Spaulding for giving me a tour of Hoober Feeds today! Really interesting to hear more about how he brought business to Central Bridge and how this mill supports our local economy.
Great to meet up with Nan and Mark Stolzenburg today! They’re members of our new Agriculture Advisory Committee and I was glad to get the chance to hear more from them in person about supporting family farms and small businesses here.
Here in Cobleskill for our 10th town hall! Tune in live now:
The rural communities in my district already struggle enough with internet access. I’m very glad to be joining the efforts in the House and Senate that will support rural communities here and enshrine broadly-supported, commonsense net neutrality protections into law.
This week I helped to introduce legislation to restore #NetNeutrality. Whether you’re a business owner trying to get your job done or a student working on your homework, your internet access shouldn’t depend on winners or losers that your provider picks.
Two town halls coming up this weekend in Schoharie County and Broome County. They'll mark 11 town halls in 11 counties during my first 11 weeks in Congress -- hope to see folks there! Details here:
The work we’re doing right now changes that. I’m very proud to be a leader in this effort to pass #HR1 including the CLEAR Act, which I introduced earlier this year in order to shine a spotlight on dark money in politics. #ForThePeople
When 80% of country asked to share just 20% of wealth, when 80% asked to live paycheck to paycheck when unlimited amount of $ allowed to influence politics, only a few truly have access to gov't officials as only a few have means to do so--that’s an oligarchy, not a democracy.
Casting my vote for #HR1 today signifies a historic step forward in our efforts to fix our broken system. It is a culmination of years of people demanding that Congress reject outsized influence of special interests money in politics.
Great to welcome Town of Greenport Water Superintendent to a hearing on federal investment in rural infrastructure. As part of our Constitutional responsibility to promote the general welfare, we must support the needs of our local communities. Watch:
Very glad that Loreen Hackett was able to come by my office today. Her entire family lives in Hoosick Falls have elevated levels of PFOA in their blood. I really admire her leadership, doing the important work of raising awareness in DC around water contamination in Upstate NY.
How is it that 1 in 5 American adults cannot afford the medicine they need? I spoke on the House floor about the need for Congress to bring down prescription drug costs by empowering Medicare to negotiate prescription drug costs.
For too long, corporate special interests have outweighed the interests of people back home. Proud to be a leader on the historic government reform bill #HR1. Watch my remarks at today's press conference with @StopBigMoney:
Here with @StopBigMoney on the brink of passing the truly historic #HR1!
Proud to be a cosponsor of this bill to enhance the Burn Pit Registry. From conversations w/ veterans across the district, it's clear Congress is lagging behind on addressing mental+physical health issues that veterans suffer from outside of direct combat.
From the first bill I introduced--which focused on helping the spouses of service-disabled veterans--I've made it a top priority of mine to hear from veterans and work to ensure they receive the benefits they deserve. Great to continue that conversation today.
After meeting John at my Ulster County town hall, I was glad that he and Barbara came to our office today to follow up and discuss ways we can work together to support veterans in our region.
Really great meeting today with members of the @ChooseCleanH2O from Sullivan, Otsego, and Delaware Counties. Glad to talk with them about ways Congress can support the Susquehanna River Watershed and water infrastructure across our region.
Thanks to North East Councilman Chris Kennan for coming by today. Really good discussion about what Congress can do to invest in water infrastructure in North East and other communities in our district.
Got to wish Ruth (Siddons) Grant of Liberty, NY a belated happy birthday today — she celebrated her 110th!
Very pleased to announce formation of our 19th District Agriculture Advisory Committee! Looking forward to working w/ farmers ag leaders across the district so we can prioritize small mid-tier family-owned farms who are too often marginalized in
Happy to be able to congratulate Paul Zimmer from Oneonta Senior High School after he received his appointment to the Naval Academy!
Next weekend we've got two more town halls on the books, one in Schoharie County and the other in Broome County -- 11 town halls in 11 counties in 11 weeks! Hope to see you there. Details and sign up here:
Family-owned farming operations have provided a high quality of life not only for rural areas, but for our whole nation, for hundreds of years. If small farms perish, so will a quintessential aspect of American life.
After a wholly inadequate response from @USDA Secretary Perdue at a hearing this week on supporting small farms, I invited him to NY-19 to hear directly from farmers whose livelihoods have been jeopardized by low prices, market consolidation lack of access to local resources.
Proud to stand with Hoosick Falls’ Michael Hickey today to introduce the WATER Act, which will do real good for communities here in Upstate NY. It provides funding for rural communities’ water infrastructure and communities affected by PFAS/PFOA contamination. Watch:
Proud to stand with @PPFA in opposing this gag rule. Placing limits on the info medical community can provide to women seeking reproductive services is completely unethical another dangerous attack from this Administration on affordable health care.
I heard a lot last week from self-employed folks in rural parts of our district who run their own businesses and struggle with access to capital. At today’s @HouseSmallBiz hearing I asked about what we can do to better support them. Watch an excerpt here:
The gun lobby has too long had a stronghold over Congress; today’s vote is a big step forward in breaking that status quo and keeping our communities safe.
In passing #HR8 today, bipartisan Members of Congress took the most significant step towards gun safety that we have seen in years, finally achieving universal background checks while ensuring reasonable provisions for family transfers.
Thanks to leaders of @TCFDiscovery for coming by today! They provide such life-changing services to people with complex conditions—it was great to see them again and hear about their upcoming work.
Members of the House of Representatives on both sides of the aisle did the right thing by blocking the declaration—I hope that Senators will stand up for the rule of law and follow our lead.
The power of appropriations lies exclusively in the hands of Congress. The President’s decision to do an end run around Congress and declare a national emergency is deeply alarming and violates the separation of powers enshrined in the Constitution.
Very pleased I'll be voting today for the #PublicLands bill that will protect sites across the country allow the FDR National Historic Site in Hyde Park to acquire additional land. Great that this law will support expanding and preserving such a treasured place in our district.
@HudsonCSD @MCSBluehawks You are more than welcome to use the photos! Please send us a direct message if you have additional questions and our Communications Director can be in touch. --Office of Congressman Delgado
Great to be at this morning’s @TransportDems hearing, focused on how we can invest in roads and water infrastructure in a way that also addresses climate change.
Honored to be commencement speaker at my alma matter @colgateuniv. Wouldn’t be where I am today if it weren't for classmates, teammates, professors, friends mentors I met there. Thrilled to address graduating class celebrate Colgate’s Bicentennial Year
This Friday is National Read Across America Day, so I stopped by @MCSBluehawks in Hudson to drop off books that my office got from the Library of Congress. Really fun to read to these kids and get a chance to tour the school! #ReadAcrossAmerica
Proud to be a cosponsor of the bipartisan Never Forget the Heroes: Permanent Authorization of the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund Act. 9/11 first responders and survivors deserve nothing less than full and permanent funding of this program. #Renew911VCF
Here at our sixth town hall of the in-district work period in Ulster County! Tune in live now:
We’re live at our Greene County town hall! Tune in now:
After meeting Bari Zeiger at a roundtable w/ young farmers earlier this month, I visited Frost Valley YMCA farm this afternoon w/ Bari the property manager, Beth Grocholl. We had a great conversation about all the ways to develop sustainable agriculture through best practices.
We've got our last 2 town halls of the week tomorrow in Greene Ulster Counties--hope you can make it out! The 1st is from 1-2 PM at Orpheum Theater in Tannersville the 2nd is from 4:15-5:15 PM at the Ellenville High School auditorium. Details here:
Had a great start to the day talking with government students at @RVCSD. At a time when our political system is too often failing us, it's young people like the ones I spoke to today who are going to revitalize our democracy. Really inspiring conversations this morning.
Joined the @NYFarmBureau for its Mid-Winter Regional Meeting in Kingston, part of our focus on ag issues during our 1st in-district work period. Really enjoyed hearing from folks about what issues they think are getting overlooked in Congress that I can bring more attention to.
Stopped by @RadioKingstonNY to record a podcast episode with @YoungFarmers Executive Director @LLShute -- stay tuned for when it airs!
Serving on not just the Agriculture and Transportation and Infrastructure Committees but the Small Business Committee as well gives me a real platform to be a strong advocate for the economic needs of our district.
Thanks to the Ulster County Regional Chamber of Commerce for having me at their breakfast this morning. In Congress I’m committed to supporting our Upstate economy by empowering entrepreneurs, growing small businesses, and enabling our workforce.
We’re live at our Montgomery County town hall! Tune in at
Thanks to everyone who came out for today's open house at our new Oneonta office! This is the third office we have officially opened -- we want to be as accessible as possible and my staff and I are always here to answer your questions and do what we can to help.
Appreciated the opportunity to hear from rural housing advocates and experts in Delaware County this morning -- they're doing such important work in our communities. I'm committed to doing more to support them and help spread awareness of the resources they provide.
We’re live at tonight’s town hall in Delhi. Tune in here:
Glad to join Delaware County Farm Bureau President Duane Martin for a tour of Del-Rose Farm led by Barb Hanselman, and thanks to everyone who came out to our roundtable today. Great to hear from folks throughout the area including a few who are 8th and 9th generation farmers!
As the representative for the third most rural Congressional district held by a Democrat and eighth most rural district in the country -- and as a member of the @HouseAgDems -- I‘m focusing my first in-district work period on connecting with farmers across NY-19.
Council members also flagged the need to clarify recent law impacting Blue Water Navy Vietnam Vets. Lastly, we discussed implementation of VA Mission Act, lack of home health aides in rural areas, the pitfalls associated with the VA subcontracting compensation pension exams.
Great meeting today with our Veterans Advisory Council. We discussed the need to rethink the current policy around caring for our veterans, which does not sufficiently address non-combat related risks, including exposure to toxins from burn pits.
--Delaware County Town Hall on Tuesday at 5:30 PM--Oneonta Office Open House on Wednesday at 2 PM--Montgomery County Town Hall on Wednesday at 5:30 PM--Greene County Town Hall on Saturday at 1 PM--Ulster County Town Hall on Saturday at 3:30 PMHope to see you there!
After town halls in Columbia County and Otsego County over the long weekend, we've got four more town halls and an open house coming up this
Here in Cooperstown for our fifth town hall of the year! Tune in live now:
RT @RMurphyWKTV: Roughly 200 people are gathering in #Cooperstown for a town hall meeting with @repdelgado. #WKTV
Tomorrow in Cooperstown is our 2nd of 6 town halls this in-district work period--it'll be at the Village Hall, 12:30-1:30 PM. Live in Otsego County can't join? We'll also have an open house for our Oneonta office on Wednesday. Hope to see you there!
A special congrats to the Village of East Nassau! Great to be here at their 20-year anniversary celebration.
Just leaving our first of six town halls during our in-district work week! Started off in Columbia County and looking forward to the five more we have — hope to see you out there. See our full list:
At a @HouseSmallBiz hearing, I talked about investing in our communities so farmers business owners can expand their markets. I started by sharing experiences of a family-owned farm in Otsego County that often drives up to 5 hrs to deliver its products.
I wrote to the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy earlier this week, and I introduced a bipartisan resolution to honor Chief Kent and urge the Department of Defense and Department of the Navy to review their policies:
Before she was killed, Chief Kent was working to change this flawed system, not just for herself, but for all members of the Armed Services. And now I'm working to understand what happened in Chief Kent's case, and what can be done to make sure it doesn't happen again.
Before she went on her final deployment to Syria, she wanted to enlist in a Ph.D. program -- but because she was a survivor of thyroid cancer, she was disqualified. Clearly something went wrong: How could she be fit to deploy in a combat zone but not to enter a Ph.D. program?
I went to the House floor to honor the memory of Chief Shannon M. Kent, who is from Pine Plains and gave the ultimate sacrifice in service to our country.
We're doing six town halls during the upcoming in-district work period! The first one is tomorrow in Columbia County, at the Kellner Community Center in Germantown from 2 - 3 PM. Hope you can join! And you can see the full list of upcoming town halls at
Unsurprisingly, the terms of the agreement are far from perfect, but the bipartisan legislation does avert another harmful shutdown and allows us to get back to the important work we were sent here to do.
I’m pleased that Republicans and Democrats in the House and Senate came to an agreement to fund the government. However, that such an agreement could only be reached with the threat of yet another government shutdown is an indictment of our failing political system.
Happy Valentine's Day! Lacey Maxwell today delivered all the valentines that kids across the district made to veterans at ArchCare at Ferncliff Nursing Home and Rehabilitation Center. The veterans loved the cards--thanks to everyone who made them!
This weekend starts our 1st in-district work period, so I'll be home all week, meeting w/ folks bringing their ideas with me back to Washington. I'll be holding 6 town halls -- I look forward to hearing your questions hope you can join! Details here:
Her commitment to ensuring that America live up to the promise of equality for all paved the way for my own journey to becoming the first African American congressman to serve Upstate New York.
A truly humbling experience to honor the life of the great Sojourner Truth on the House floor during #BlackHistoryMonth.
Glad to cosponsor bipartisan bill to eliminate SALT cap. The 2017 tax law irresponsibly added more than $1 trillion to deficit while creating the cap that results in double taxation for middle- working-class families. Repealing it is right thing to do.
This week is National Salute to Veteran Patients Week – an opportunity to express our appreciation for the brave men women who have defended our nation and get involved in supporting them. Interested in volunteering in our area? Details here:
The organization's Executive Director, Lindsey, owns and operates a 900-member CSA farm in Columbia County. Families like hers are what make our farming communities so strong.
Today I sat down with @YoungFarmers to hear about #FarmBill programs to help farmers sell their products at farmers markets and support new and beginning farmers in our region.
Given today's weather, our Delhi office will be closed but doors are open at our Kingston office at 256 Clinton Ave. Stay safe, stay warm!
I welcome Rep. Omar’s apology and hope that moving forward we can all engage on these matters in a non-divisive fashion and with an eye towards mutual understanding.
Reducing the alliance between the U.S. and Israel to being all about money is historically inaccurate; evokes ugly stereotypes, intentionally or otherwise; and ignores the ties forged by shared interests, values and generations of Jewish families, including my own.
One of my favorite questions at last week's town hall in Sullivan County was about how we should go about addressing climate change. This is an urgent issue that requires bold action, and one of my priorities is to create new green jobs here in Upstate New York.
The House of Representatives today passed the Veterans' Access to Child Care Act, which included two amendments I introduced. Watch my remarks on one of these amendments, a bipartisan measure to ensure that emergency mental health services are included in the bill.
In parts of my district, I drive by large signs that read, “broadband coming soon.” It’s a sight that is hard to imagine in NY, in the USA, in the 21st century. During a @HouseSmallBiz hearing today, I emphasized importance of expanding rural
Thank you to the White Sulphur Springs Fire Department for their work extinguishing this fire.
There is no place for religious discrimination in our country. This investigation of a barn fire anti-Semitic graffiti is a painful reminder that it is up to all of us to stand together against hate and bigotry.
At both meetings, I was glad to hear more about the crucial work they provide to rural communities in Upstate New York and how we can best ensure that folks have access to affordable health care they need and deserve.
Today I had the chance to sit down with leaders of the New York State Association for Rural Health as well as @HRHCare, a network of community health centers in our region.
Today was my 1st hearing as a Member of Congress. The govt shutdown has created uncertainty for many in my district working to make ends meet. During @HouseSmallBiz hearing, I highlighted conversations I had w/ local farmers small biz owners on shutdown
Reminder: We are going to be delivering valentines to veterans in our community on Friday! We made some with the boys over the weekend, and we’d love to bring yours with us. Drop off your cards at our Kingston office: 256 Clinton Ave, Kingston, NY 12401.
Day-in and day-out, I will continue to prioritize protecting our water infrastructure and other critical matters that I hear from the people of my district, from expanding rural broadband to supporting our farmers to improving access to quality health care.
Issues like these that directly affect Upstate New York are what I’m focused on as a Member of Congress. That’s why I brought Michael Hickey as my guest, a hero in our community who brought to light the water contamination crisis we know today in Hoosick Falls.
While I wish the President’s speech had focused more on what brings us together, I was glad to hear him discuss some key issues that I think we can all agree to prioritize, like reducing the price of prescription drugs and strengthening our infrastructure.
The State of the Union is a time for the President to reflect upon the shared goals of our nation and how Congress and the Administration can best serve the people.
Thank you Michael Hickey for joining me for tonight’s State of the Union. You exemplify what it means to do right by your community. I look forward to many more conversations about working together to address water contamination in Hoosick Falls, Petersburgh across the country.
At the Delhi office opening, I made one thing very clear: There can't be another shutdown. I've heard from countless constituents who were personally affected by the shutdown. Another shutdown would be beyond reckless--communities here can't afford it.
RT @scenichudson: Kudos to @RepDelgado for planning visionary bill to study the U.S. energy sector and the need for new #GreenJobs that wil…
Our last event of the day was a small business roundtable with business owners and leaders of the Otsego County Chamber of Commerce, where we addressed everything from the government shutdown to federal support for small businesses.
Busy afternoon in Oneonta! I sat down with local members of the @YoungFarmers to hear about ways to bring their priorities to Washington as a member of the Agriculture Committee. I then met with the Otsego Electric Cooperative to discuss rural broadband access.
Thanks to everyone who came out to our Delhi office opening. We said from Day One that we were committed to opening offices across the district to ensure accessibility transparency. The office, at 111 Main St, will be open Tuesdays Wednesdays 10 AM - 4 PM by appointment.
I am committed to working w/ members on both sides of the aisle to take decisive steps to address water contamination. And I will be a strong voice urging the Administration to step up its efforts to protect health safety of communities in Upstate New York across the country.
I'm very pleased to be bringing Michael Hickey as my guest to the State of the Union. He is a true hero in what he has done to spur action in response to devastating effects that PFOA chemicals have had on our communities on families including his own.
Took some time this afternoon to make valentines for veterans in our community. We'll drop them off next week—we want to have as many as possible! Write a Valentine’s Day message to a veteran drop off or mail to Kingston office before Friday: 256 Clinton Ave, Kingston, NY 12401
Call 202-225-5614, reach out online or visit one of our offices: Kingston Office at 256 Clinton Ave (open 9 AM – 5 PM Mon-Fri), Delhi Office at 111 Main St (open 10 AM – 4 PM Tues Wed), Oneonta Office at 189 Main St #500 (open 10 AM – 4 PM Thurs Fri)
Important notice: If you had an unresolved case with the previous congressional office, please reach out to our office to re-submit your inquiries so we can help you.
We’re live at our third town hall of the year in Sullivan County. Tune in now: #NY19
Great to hear from so many teachers and educators at today's @nysut event in Kingston. There are few things more important than setting up the next generation for success, and I am proud to be a strong advocate for Upstate New York students, teachers, and schools in Congress.
We have the opportunity here and now to take advantage of the natural resources our district provides and ensure we move towards a clean energy economy for future generations.
After announcing my priorities yesterday for creating green jobs and addressing climate change, it was great to sit down with environmental leaders here in Upstate New York to discuss these critical issues.
Thank you to Catskill Fire Department Chief Patrick McCulloch and his team for showing me around. Appreciate your service to the community.
Great time @windhammountain talking w/veterans families at today’s @AdaptiveSportsF event, learning about the organization's support for wounded warriors. Critically important that our veterans have access to services that explore all aspects of wellness human performance.
I laid out my priorities for creating new green jobs addressing climate change. Critical we enact policies that lower carbon emissions increase investment in renewable energy sources. Equally important, these policies must do right by Upstate NY. More:
On Monday, I'll be in Delhi for an open house for our new office! I look forward to meeting folks there and hearing your priorities so I can bring them with me to Washington. Details:
RT @Lymenews: "The prevalence of Lyme disease in upstate New York requires significant, bipartisan action, and I’m proud to be joining the…
I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to ensure the men and women who have sacrificed so much for our country get the benefits they deserve.
Great news coming out of the courts that will expand benefits for Vietnam veterans in our communities and across the country. They deserve these benefits, and this ruling brings them one step closer to receiving them.
I'm glad to be holding my third town hall this Saturday in Sullivan County. Fielding questions and hearing the issues that matter to you help me understand the priorities I bring with me to Congress--I hope to see you Saturday! Details here:
I introduced my 2nd bill, the CLEAR Act, that will shed light on dark money in politics. Proud the standalone bill will be included in H.R. 1 legislation. It’s time to take power away from special interests put it back into hands of the people. More:
I’m appalled by the hate crime committed against Jussie Smollett. The rise of hate and violence in our country must stop. There is no place for such vile behavior in any society that deems itself just or moral.  My prayers are with Jussie and his family.
Following reports EPA won't set limits on PFOA levels, I sent a letter today to EPA urging limits additional steps to address water contamination in Upstate NY. EPA should not turn its back on communities like Hoosick Falls Petersburgh. Read my letter:
W/ 10 yr anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act this week, proud to join as cosponsor of Paycheck Fairness Act. Employees should be treated fairly employers need to be held accountable when they engage in wage discrimination. #EqualPay #FairPay
In light of emerging evidence on danger PFOA causes, it would be unconscionable for EPA to not limit levels of these chemicals in our communities. EPA must take water contamination seriously I will do everything in my power to step up efforts to address this growing crisis.
There's reports now that the EPA won't limit levels of PFOA in drinking water. I have seen personally the damaging effects of PFOA in Hoosick Falls Petersburgh, talked to families who lost loved ones from cancer caused by contaminated drinking water.
"My district, and our country, can’t afford another shutdown. In short, I urge this body to do as envisioned by our Founding Fathers, get to work and do our job."Watch a clip from my speech on the House floor, or you can watch my full remarks here:
I look forward to working w/ local leaders fellow Members of Congress to advance federal support for how doctors treat it how we decrease environmental risks. Indeed, the National Science Foundation has declared Lyme Disease an emerging global pandemic due to climate change.
The prevalence of Lyme disease in Upstate New York requires significant action, and I’m proud to be joining the bipartisan Congressional Lyme Disease Caucus.
@LeaderHoyer Thanks for the shout-out, and looking forward to working with you as well.
Schoharie County has faced some tough challenges, most notably Hurricanes Irene Lee the horrific limousine crash last year. I’m grateful for the work our first responders have done, from disaster response to emergency health care, I look forward to helping support them.
Today I toured the Schoharie County Office of Emergency Services, learning about the invaluable services they provide to our communities, as well as what additional support they need.
Reforming our criminal justice system is critically important in our community and nationally, and I hope this program can be a model for ways to reduce incarceration and lower rates of recidivism.
Great to be at today’s kickoff for the Schoharie County Sheriff’s Office LEAD program, which matches non-violent offenders with case workers to aid with issues such as mental health, substance abuse, unemployment, and homelessness.
"Delgado, who was speaking in his first Dutchess County town hall, said he wants to be 'as great a congressperson as I can possibly be' to his constituents, regardless of party. He said he wants to be 'a genuine advocate on your behalf.'” Read more:
On @HouseSmallBiz, I look forward to bringing ideas of biz owners here to DC. I met w/ members of Greene County Chamber of Commerce joined @marcmolinaro to tour @UnlimitedTmro, which is working on low-cost prosthetic limbs. Such innovation that can also make a real difference.
Earlier in the day, I got a chance to meet students from Catskill High School. It's one of my favorite parts of my job to talk w/ young people, answer their questions hear their suggestions for what we should do to get our government back on track.
It's National Mentoring Month—I believe that civic engagement is one of the most important things to be talking about w/ our kids next generation. Glad to get questions from young people at the town hall sit down w/ students from Stissing Mountain Jr/Sr High School before it.
We’ve started our second town hall! Tune in live: us your questions and we’ll take some time to answer questions submitted online.
RT @ADunneWAMC: Happening tonight: @repdelgado holds town hall in Dutchess County - Pine Plains at the Stissing Mountain Junior/Senior High…
We owe it to the federal employees, members of the Coast Guard, farmers, and others in our community who were impacted by this shutdown to make sure that we do not find ourselves here again.
From Day One, I’ve called for reopening the government and continuing negotiations. It’s what I reiterated in my recent letter with House Democrats, and I’m encouraged that Congress and the Administration are in agreement that we must reopen the government.
Today’s deal finally brings relief to the people of Upstate New York and our entire country who have been impacted by this irresponsible and reckless shutdown. I’m pleased that this agreement will come to the floor and I look forward to supporting it.
Today, I called on the Office of Personnel Management to ensure federal employees are not at risk for losing their dental or vision insurance. This is an absurd situation – folks already missing their paychecks shouldn’t have to deal with this. Read more:
Our next town hall is tonight, from 7 - 8 PM in Dutchess County: join us in person? Watch livestream at And we'll take questions from online during the event -- just send it to us, and include your name where you're from.
Glad to join NY delegation on bills to honor Reps. Maurice Hinchey, Ben Gilman by adding names to local landmarks: Maurice Hinchey Hudson River Valley Nat'l Heritage Area Benjamin Gilman Post Office in Middletown. Grateful for their service to our communities. @MichelleHinchey
Proud to announce that I will serve as a member of the Small Business Committee. I look forward to advocating on behalf of the small businesses in Upstate NY. Being on this committee will allow me to help the small businesses that are vital to our local economy.
I joined 30 House Democrats to send a letter to Speaker Pelosi proposing a bipartisan path forward to reopen the government. Read my statement:
From what I’ve witnessed firsthand in Hoosick Falls Petersburgh, from hearing directly from families impacted by PFAS/PFOA contamination, it’s clear this is an alarming situation. We must shed light on this issue in Upstate NY across the country, put more urgency behind it.
Glad to have joined my colleagues @RepDanKildee @RepBrianFitz to launch the bipartisan Congressional PFAS Task Force and cosponsor a bipartisan bill to declare the chemicals hazardous.
Today, I spoke on the House floor about impact of the shutdown on Upstate NY, and particularly members of the Coast Guard. This is 1st time in history that members of the U.S. Armed Forces are not being paid during a lapse in government funding. We must open up the government.
We're hosting our second town hall this week, on Friday in Dutchess County. Looking forward to listening to your concerns and engaging in healthy dialogue. Details here:
"Despite the shutdown, our area's newest congressman was on the job in Rensselaer County, holding his first town hall meeting in Poestenkill -- and it dealt primarily with the government shutdown. It was a packed house." Some highlights from our town hall:
@TonyFutureCEO Can you send us a direct message with your contact info and we’ll be in touch? Thanks for reaching out! —Team Delgado
I’ve been hearing stories from constituents like Tracie from Milton about impact of the shutdown how it’s making day to day life difficult for people here in Upstate NY. The House has repeatedly passed bills to reopen the government—the Senate needs to take them up immediately.
RT @enckj: Hundreds turn out in frigid temps to attend the first town hall meeting by ⁦@repdelgado⁩    Great way to spend MLK Day in CD 19.…
Amidst the government shutdown, our first town hall is kicking off now. You can watch live, and reply with a question you have — we’ll take some time during the event to address questions posed online.
Now it is up to all of us to keep working towards his vision. From pursuing racial justice to eradicating poverty, we have a responsibility to better our communities.
Glad to join Ministers' Alliance of Ulster County for interfaith breakfast celebrating the life legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. He devoted himself to a cause greater than himself because of his actions, we as a country took tangible steps toward greater racial equality.
Amidst the government shutdown, we're holding our first town hall tomorrow at 2 PM at the Poestenkill Fire Department. If you can't make it in person, comment or send us a message with your question, and we'll take some of the questions submitted online during the town hall!
Great @dgazette piece encouraging folks to reach out to their elected officials. We read every letter and answer every call. Listening to your input is one of the most important responsibilities I have. You can call us at 202-225-5614.
I reached out after hearing from a grocery store owner in our district who cannot currently process SNAP benefits because the EBT license had expired, and could not be renewed due to the government shutdown.
I wrote to the Secretary of the Department of Agriculture to immediately extend expired EBT licenses—which are used to process SNAP benefits—for the duration of the shutdown so that no American will go hungry.
I met federal workers who are missing a paycheck b/c of shutdown at a dinner yesterday that brought folks together provided free meal for workers. Wonderful to see how communities are supporting federal employees, but we shouldn't have to be in this situation in the 1st place.
It is plain wrong that they have to show up and work every day without getting paid. Getting to talk with them was yet another demonstration of the urgency of the need to reopen our government.
I met today with members of the Coast Guard in Saugerties who are showing up every day, without pay, because of the shutdown. Their work here is incredibly valuable -- not only search and rescue, but ice breaking on the Hudson River that's critical to our economy here.
Amidst the gov't shutdown, we’ll have extended office hours again this weekend to hear from folks answer questions. Call us Sat., Sun., or Mon. between 10 AM 2 PM at 202-225-5614 we’ll be opening our Kingston office between 10 AM 2 PM on Mon., Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
Met w/ farmers from the Hudson Valley to hear about impact of the shutdown. From possible delays in getting visas approved or uncertainty on grant funding, the farming community here is deeply worried about how long this shutdown will last and how it’ll affect their bottom line.
Her memory will live on because she defined what true service means. My thoughts and prayers are with her children, husband, and the rest of her family and friends at this difficult time.
Shannon M. Kent devoted her life to protecting our country and defending democracy—this is a terrible tragedy and heartbreaking loss. She provides an example to all of us with her dedication and sacrifice for our country.
Amidst the government shutdown, I'm holding my first town hall Monday. The shutdown has created urgency around the need to host a town hall sooner rather than later to provide a forum to express your concerns in person and hear directly from me. Join us:
RT @ADunneWAMC: NY19's @repdelgado will serve on the committees for which he pushed hard - the Agriculture Committee as well as the Transpo…
I gave my first speech on the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives, honoring Major James M. Brophy from Staatsburg, who lost his life while serving our country.
On these cmtes, I can advocate for key issues, from supporting our farmers to expanding rural broadband to improving our water infrastructure. I look forward to working w/ my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to make advancements that will have a real impact in Upstate NY.
From Day One I’ve said I want to focus on the priorities of our district, and serving on the Agriculture Committee and the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee will give me the ability to do that every day in Congress.
Great to meet w/ @HANYScomm to discuss ways to support rural hospitals and make health care more affordable and accessible to all. These are critical issues for our district and I look forward to continuing to work in Congress on improving health care coverage for folks at home.
Our district is home to over 4,000 federal workers. Many of these individuals and their families can't afford missing a paycheck, and they can't just put their lives on hold while this irresponsible, unnecessary shutdown continues.
Proud to join w/ members of the disability community to rally around importance of passing the Disability Integration Act. I’m glad to be an original cosponsor of this bipartisan bill that will expand the rights of people w/ disabilities so more can live independently. #DIAtoday
I'm joining @WNYC’s @BrianLehrer now to discuss the government shutdown and my priorities as a Congressman. Have questions for me? Tweet to @brianlehrer, or you can call the show to ask your question live at 212-433-9692. Tune in:
"U.S. Rep Antonio Delgado unveiled his new district office at 256 Clinton Ave. on Sunday, Jan. 13, with a packed open house that featured a speech a meet-and-greet session with constituents. 'Constituent services go to the heart of this job,' he said."
As we write, "This rule ignores Congressional intent on abortion coverage, would create consumer confusion would be costly for both insurers consumers. By denying women comprehensive health coverage, it puts their health lives in danger." More:
I joined Rep. Jan Schakowsky and over 170 members of Congress to voice our strong objection to a proposed rule from the Department of Health and Human Services that would deny women comprehensive health coverage and jeopardize abortion access, especially in our state.
We officially opened our first office today, in Kingston! Our offices are here to serve you, as a place to call or visit to voice your opinion on an issue, share your ideas, and have your questions answered. Hope to see you at our Kingston office soon: 256 Clinton Ave. #NY19
Humbled and honored to have the opportunity to serve as the Congressman for the 19th Congressional District. It was incredible to share this moment here at home in the community.
We’re here at @HudsonHall1855 about to kickoff the swearing-in celebration. Tune in live at
With the government shutdown continuing, my office is here to do all we can to help folks, especially those impacted by the shutdown. So we're extending our hours, with our phone lines open this weekend from 10 AM - 2 PM. Call us at (202) 225-5614 with your questions or concerns.
We're getting ready for tomorrow's swearing-in ceremony in Hudson. If you're not able to join us in person, it'll be livestreamed at noon at -- hope you'll tune in. #NY19
With veterans their families sacrificing so much for our rights freedoms, it’s our solemn obligation as a nation to ensure their health well-being. I am proud that the 1st bill I’m introducing as a Member of Congress will help veteran families. More:
A lawsuit jeopardizing the protections set forth in the ACA could not be any further from what we ought to be doing when it comes to solving the health care crisis.More:
We need to do much more to expand affordable and accessible health care to everyone, and no longer remain the lone developed country in the world without universal coverage.
If the lawsuit against the ACA succeeds, it could remove protections for pre-existing conditions and jeopardize health care coverage for people across the district.
I'm glad to join Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle to make clear that we are here to stand up for the ACA in the face of attacks against it that could be devastating for the people of Upstate New York.
RT @WAMCNews: INBOX: "Representative Antonio Delgado (NY-19) announced today that he will be asking the House of Representatives Chief Admi…
With federal employees in Upstate NY across the country missing their first paycheck tomorrow due to the government shutdown, I will be asking the House of Representatives Chief Administrative Officer to withhold my pay as long as the shutdown continues. Watch my message:
Our District Director Amanda sent along a sneak peek of our Kingston office ahead of Sunday’s opening. Check it out, and hope to see you there! Details here:
That's why I signed a letter led by Rep. DeLauro to the Department of Agriculture to get answers. Read more:
While I'm glad that the Department of Agriculture will at least continue benefits through next month, the agency must lay out plans for how it's processing applications, communicating with families in the program addressing lapse of funding if the government shutdown continues.
The irresponsible government shutdown is now putting at risk families' ability to put food on the table. From kids to seniors across the district, the SNAP program provides essential benefits.
Come join us Sunday for our Kingston office opening! I hope to meet many new folks, and that in my time in Congress, 19th district residents see our offices throughout the district as a resource -- we're here to help and to listen. Details RSVP: #NY19
The shutdown is already having damaging effects in Upstate NY--I believe folks deserve transparency on how it's affecting local business owners applying for grants loans, farmers seeking relief to offset impact of Administration's trade policies others
I signed on as one of the first backers of Rep. O’Halleran’s Government Shutdown Impact Report Act of 2019, that requires the Congressional Budget Office to submit daily reports to Congress on the cost and impact of a government shutdown.
Our Congressional office is up running! Took time today to join my team answering the phones. We’re here to help w/ federal services get input on what my priorities should be. Give us a call at 202-225-5614 we’ll be updating folks about upcoming office openings in-district.
