Great time at the @DucksUnlimited reception last night. I had a chance to learn more about the importance of habitat conservation and the vital role it plays in waterfowl hunting.
Tired of the endless stream of harassing robocalls? My bill, the TRACED Act, will provide Americans much needed relief from these scams by requiring caller authentication and deterring bad actors from placing these calls in the first place.
See below for my statement on #HR1, the Democratic Politician Protection Act.
Tune in now to @SiriusXMPatriot to hear me discuss the recent anti-semitism resolution passed in the house.

Tomorrow, Democrats plan to vote for unconstitutional legislation solely designed to elect and maintain their Democratic majority. #NotForThePeople
Despite the chilly weather here in our nation’s capital, I got to meet with many wonderful #TN08 constituents this week. Thank you @JDRF, Tennessee Apartment Association, the Institute of Real Estate, @SHAPE_America and @ToddAWinters w/ @utmartin for traveling to visit with me!
This morning, I heard from and spoke with National Security Advisor @AmbJohnBolton, who delivered a national security update with a special focus on Venezuela and North Korea. Thank you for stopping by Ambassador Bolton!
@DrAEGregoryCEO with @SaintFrancisMem, @AOAforDOS, the Memphis-Shelby County Airport Authority, and Larry Sisson with @NAHMAtweet for stopping by! (2/2)
I got my week started in Washington meeting with constituents from all over #TN08. Thank you to the Shelby County Commissioners, @Millsdo from Shelby County, @ShelbyJuvenile Judge Dan Michael with @NCJFCJ, (1/2)
I was delighted to meet speak with the Pope family from Bartlett in the middle of another crazy day on the Hill. Thank you for scheduling a US Capitol tour through my office! Visit let us schedule your tours across DC if you are planning a trip!
Today, I spoke to @fpagreatermem about the 2019 @FinancialCmte agenda and the harmful impact of high interest rates on consumers. Thank you for inviting me!
I wrapped up my week reading “Nancy and Sluggo Love Tennessee” to Mrs. Nelson’s 3rd graders at @crosswindeagles in Collierville! Thank you for letting me visit! #TN08
Roberta and I had a great time this morning at the 2019 @farmandginshow! Thank you to @RepJasonSmith, @TNAgriculture @TNAgCommish, @TNFarmBureau President @AikenJl, and all the farmers and ranchers who came out to support agriculture and discuss its future in Tennessee!
RT @TNAgCommish: Had a great time with @RepDavidKustoff, an excellent agriculture supporter, at the Mid South Farm and Gin Show in Memphis.…
Yesterday, I introduced the CONFRONT Act, to combat transnational criminal organizations prevent them from manipulating our domestic financial networks for drug human trafficking, cybercrimes, other illegal activity that is detrimental to our nation.
Congratulations on your confirmation to the @TVAnews board John Ryder! Thank you for your dedication to Memphis and West Tennessee, and I look forward to continue working with you!
This morning, I was honored to receive the True Blue Award from @FRCAction President Tony Perkins. I am proud to have earned a 100% on their 2018 vote scorecard, and I will always fight for our #TN08 values in Washington!
Today I met with #TN08 constituents from the @USJersey, American Association of International Healthcare Recruitment, @TNBroadcasters , with @Mayorbwbeasley and @TDOTCommish. Fly-in season is always a fun time in Washington, it’s great to hear from such devoted constituents!
RT @theJasonGriggs: Great Meeting again today with @RepDavidKustoff in D.C. regarding Milan, TN growth, land conveyance, ECD opportunities,…
RT @Mayorbwbeasley: Thank you @RepDavidKustoff for assisting Milan all of West TN in growing our economy.
Excited to announce my mobile office hours for 2019! My staff I are making ourselves even more accessible across the district every month. Please follow the link to the schedule use this opportunity to let us know how we can continue serving you in DC!
In an assault on your Second Amendment rights, Democrats just voted in favor of universal background checks further gun control. I will never stop fighting for our Constitution urge my Senate colleagues not to bring this bill to the floor for a vote.
Began the week on Capitol Hill by meeting with great groups from all over #TN08! Thank you TN FOP, @ONECampaign, @AAMers, TN School Nutrition Association, TNAHU, John Ryder @TVAnews, @TNMuniElectric, @Terminix, @AANMember for stopping by, thanks for all you do for West TN!
Democrats just voted to prevent @realDonaldTrump from fulfilling his duty to protect our country. The humanitarian crisis at our southern border continues to plague this nation, I will never stop fighting to secure the border protect American families.
Joined the 64th Annual Covington Lions Club Pancake Breakfast this morning in Tipton County. Great to catch up with @CovingtonMayor and Covington Police Chief Buddy Lewis. #TN08
RT @suptking: Always an honor to engage with ⁦@RepDavidKustoff⁩ - thx for stopping by ⁦@Oaklandtnchmber⁩  this morning. We appreciate your…
I enjoyed wrapping up the productive week back home in #TN08 by visiting the @Oaklandtnchmber. Thank you to Chamber Director Pattie Krepela, Mayor Chris Goodman, Somerville Police Chief David Webb, Fayette County Schools Director @suptking, and all who attended!
At a roundtable with #TN08 banks this week, we discussed this year’s @FinancialCmte agenda and the harmful effects of Dodd-Frank a decade later. I will continue fighting the over-regulation of banks in Congress that hurts our local institutions and consumers!
I toured the exciting new @Indigoag facility today alongside CEO David Perry! We discussed ag tech innovations, the role of Congress in agriculture and farming, and the tremendous impact of Indigo Agriculture on Memphis and West TN. Thanks for having me out, David!
Thank you @naifatn for joining a roundtable in Memphis today to discuss the current insurance and regulatory environment and what to expect from Congress over the next few years.
In Crockett County, I met with small business owners healthcare practitioners to discuss insurance costs the medical profession in West TN. Thank you all for your commitment, I will keep fighting in Washington to put healthcare options back in the hands of consumers!
Stopped by Jackson today to meet with the AgStar class and discuss farm and agriculture production in #TN08. Thank you to Chairman @joemckinnon1 and AgStar for your outstanding work developing leadership skills in young farmers and cattlemen!
RT @JsphGBtlr: It's always an honor to spend time with my friend, @RepDavidKustoff. He's a genuine, kind, thoughtful leader that we are ble…
Today, I visited with Crockett County Sheriff @CrockettSD Election Commissioner Lori Lott. We discussed updates from Washington, ongoing border security initiatives, the importance of free and fair elections. Thank you for all you do, Sheriff Klyce and Commissioner Lott!
I enjoyed being in Martin yesterday to meet with @SavantLearning President and CEO Dr. Nassar Nassar and hear about the exciting work his company is doing to help law enforcement with their Integrated Training Solutions for Public Safety. Thank you for having me out, Dr. Nassar!
Yesterday, I met with Weakley County Mayor Jake Bynum, county municipal mayors, and local law enforcement officers. I enjoyed our discussion of local and federal priorities, and thank you for all you do to keep @WeakleyCountyTN safe and on the rise! #TN08
It was a pleasure being in Carroll County today to meet with @JsphGBtlr and county employees to give an update from Washington and field questions from the group. Thank you for having me out, Mayor Butler! #TN08
I was honored to participate in a banking, finance, insurance roundtable that included finance majors at @utmartin. We discussed the @FinancialCmte agenda, I got to hear from county leaders and answer students' questions on what to expect from the financial sector in 2019.
I enjoyed meeting and talking with these bright students from @HutchisonSchool this morning. I am glad we were able to tour you around our nation’s Capitol and that I could take you onto the House floor!
Tonight, I voted for the funding measure that will provide funds for our ICE agents the border wall. This bill is not perfect, but it is a step in the right direction, I will continue working with my colleagues and @realDonaldTrump to #buildthewall.
RT @cspan: Motion to recommit@RepDavidKustoff: "It is in the national security interest of the United States to combat anti-Semitism arou…
Proud to report my Motion combating anti-Semitism passed the House unanimously today! #424-0
Thank you for your support in our efforts to tackle anti-Semitism!
RT @RepCloakroom: The Rep. Kustoff (R-TN) @RepDavidKustoff Motion to Recommit was Adopted – 424 Yeas, 0 Nays, 2 Present
RT @maryjylee: (wow!) House ADOPTS 424-0, 2 present, a Motion to Recommit from @RepDavidKustoff condemning anti-Semitism
More exciting news coming out of Memphis and Shelby County today as @FedEx announces another major investment in our community and nearly 700 new jobs!
RT @StateTreasurers: “If there’s one issue that Republicans and Democrats can get together on, it’s #infrastructure. If it’s not the next t…
@StateTreasurers thanks for letting me speak to you all this morning! President Lincoln’s birthday is a great chance to reflect on how far we’ve come in this country, and I enjoyed laying out future objectives we hope to achieve in the 116th Congress and beyond! #NASTDC
Congratulations to my friend, Jimmy Rout, on being unanimously appointed as Shelby County Historian! Jimmy will be great in this role, and Shelby County’s wonderful story is in very capable new hands!
Last night went too far, and I can no longer sit by as she spews such hate through outrageous comments regarding Israel and the Jewish people. We cannot tolerate her deeply anti-Semitic remarks and toxic words, as they have no place in Congress and our country. (2/2)
For years, Rep. Ilhan Omar’s anti-Semitic statements have been known by many. I hoped these disturbing, stereotypical comments were part of her past. Unfortunately, I was wrong. (1/2)
For the first time in @memgrizz history, there won’t be a Gasol on the roster. Thank you @MarcGasol and the Gasol family for everything you’ve done for this team and our city. You will be dearly missed. Good luck in Toronto, Big Spain! #GritGrind
Thursday got off to a great start with friends and colleagues at the National Prayer Breakfast! It was a privilege to hear from @realDonaldTrump and @garyhaugen at such a special event.
I will always fight for the rights of the unborn, and I am proud to stand with my colleagues by cosponsoring the Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. I promise to preserve the sanctity of life and defend those who cannot defend themselves.
Always a pleasure to run into @IntlPaperCo CEO Mark Sutton on Capitol Hill. As one of @Forbes “World’s Most Admired Companies” again this year, thank you for all you do throughout the community and the global recognition you bring back home! #TN08
Earlier this week, I sat down with @MayorStanJoyner, Arlington Mayor Mike Wissman, and Germantown Vice Mayor @GibsonAlderman tag to discuss what’s happening in Washington and how we can continue partnering to advance the interests of Shelby County and West TN. Thank you, Mayors!

at a reception with their friends and families afterward. Thank you to all nominees for your willingness to serve and sacrifice for our great nation, and I wish you the best of luck in all future endeavors! #USA (2/2)
One of the great honors of my job is to nominate high school students from Tennessee’s 8th District to America’s prestigious service academies. I had the privilege of recognizing these outstanding young people last night, and I was honored to celebrate their accomplishments (1/2)
Thank you John Butler for a tour of @Agricenter_Intl today! I am excited about your strategic plan for the coming years and remain committed to the agriculture community in #TN08!
Congratulations on your perfect score, Brad Schlager! You make Union City and West Tennessee proud! #TN08 @ucgoldentornado
children and families across the globe. I am proud to support St. Jude in its groundbreaking and lifechanging work, and I can’t wait to see what the next 50 years will bring on our way to beating this terrible disease! (2/2)
57 years ago today, a light began shining in Memphis that gave hope to the rest of the world. In recognition of #WorldCancerDay and the founding of @StJude, please take a moment to remember those we’ve lost to cancer and appreciate the blessing Danny Thomas bestowed on (1/2)
Yesterday, I joined local officials in Gibson County to discuss issues facing West Tennessee and our country. Thank you for the warm welcome! #TN08
Thank you to the Madison County Sherriff’s Department for hosting me yesterday, and a special thanks to Chief Deputy Steve Overton and Sherriff John Mehr for the tour! I am honored to represent such outstanding individuals and proud of your service to Madison County. #TN08
RT @SteveScalise: House Democrats just voted to give pay increases to federal bureaucrats with a history of sexual misconduct with your tax…
Thank you Tennessee School Boards Association for stopping by yesterday to discuss student data privacy and resources for students with disabilities. I appreciate the great work you do for #TN08 and our state, and I look forward to our continued partnership! @NSBAComm
It was a pleasure to have some West Tennesseans stop by my office today during their day on the Hill! Thank you, Ben, Grady, and Joe, for introducing yourselves and speaking with me, and I am glad we were able to give you a tour of the @uscapitol!
Congratulations to Collierville Elementary School on being the ONLY public elementary school in Tennessee to receive the @Apple Distinguished School Award! You make West Tennessee proud! #TN08 @cville_schools
As we recognize today as International Holocaust Remembrance Day, let us honor and commemorate the lives of the six million Jews and millions of other victims who perished at the hands of the evil Nazi regime. Let us never forget their stories and their strength.
RT @TNFarmBureau: Proud of our TN Cattleman’s Association! This pic was taken today at their annual meeting. District 2 VP Larry McCoy from…
I was honored to be recognized by @TennesseeCattle as Legislator of the Year today. Thank you for this tremendous award, and I will continue fighting for your priorities in Congress! @AikenJl @TNFarmBureau
RT @FennelMatt: @RepDavidKustoff takes questions and visits @SkyhawkAggie students, @TennesseeCattle leaders, @BeefUSA Pres Elect @JenETLC…
RT @TennesseeCattle: .@RepDavidKustoff is our Legislator of the Year. Thanks for all you do for cattlemen and women!
RT @wllofton: Packed house for the @TennesseeCattle Awards Luncheon! @RepDavidKustoff being recognized as the 2019 Legislative Friend of TC…
Thank you to Bobby King, Ed Tittle, Chuck Doss of DT Multimodal; Blake Swaggart of USDA; Jimmy Williamson of Port of Cates Landing; @AndyHolt4TN; Greg Curlin of Hickman-Fulton County Riverport; Fulton Judge Jim Martin for sharing more on this exciting development for #TN08!
Earlier this week, I got to hear more about the exciting potential railroad project in Northwest Tennessee. This partnership between Northwest, TN and Southwest, KY would potentially connect both Cates Landing and Hickman riverports and provide access to just south of Union City.
This is inexcusable and unacceptable.
It is wrong that Democrats have now voted twice not to pay federal employees during the ongoing budget negotiations. They continue to push bills the President won’t sign while simultaneously holding over 800,000 federal workers hostage.
Congratulations, William Carter, on your perfect score! Keep up the hard work and good luck with all your future endeavors. I know you will make West Tennessee proud!
RT @BillLeeTN: I’ve said that rural TN is one of my top priorities. Today I’m pleased to announce Executive Order No. 1, which begins to ad…
Congratulations to #TN08’s own @FedEx and @IntlPaperCo on making @Forbes Magazine’s “World’s Most Admired Companies” list this year! Thank you for the innovation, opportunity, and prosperity you bring to West Tennessee and the world.
“Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?’” Let us remember the words of Dr. King today and continue striving to honor his legacy.
Today, @BillLeeTN was sworn into office as Tennessee’s 50th Governor. I look forward to working with Governor Lee and his team to continue making the Volunteer State the best place to call home. Congratulations!
Congratulations @BillHaslam on a remarkable 8 years as Governor of our great state! You left Tennessee better than you found it, and it was my honor to serve alongside you!
As thousands gather in our nation’s capital for the 46th anniversary of Roe v. Wade, I am proud to support the #MarchForLife and will always be a #ProLife advocate in Congress.
Thank you @Cilla_Presley for stopping by my office this week. I appreciate the vital role your family plays in Memphis culture and continues to do so for the Greater Memphis area.
Thank you to Dr. Brock Martin and Dr. Andrew Dixon for discussing ways to ensure patients in West Tennessee receive the necessary care they deserve. @TN_Chiro
RT @JaiTempleton: Congratulations to TN’s own Jimmy Tosh for winning Farm Journal’s Top Producer Award.  The Tosh family always step up to…
On behalf of West Tennessee, thank you, Bob, for your service to the City of Dyersburg, Dyer County, and our entire state. You will be missed.
Bob Kirk has been the ultimate public servant, and it was my honor to recognize him on the floor of the House today. Leaving office later this month, Bob has devoted 51 years as an Alderman to the City of Dyersburg and is the longest-serving elected official in Tennessee.
Thank you to @cwsanderson59 (TN-77) and Tennessee ABC Chairman Richard Skiles for joining me on a tour of the United States Capitol yesterday. It is always a pleasure to share our nation’s great history and host West Tennesseans in DC!
RT @SecretarySonny: We're reopening many @usdafsa offices for three days (1/17, 1/18 1/22) to help farmers with existing loans and other…
RT @TNECD: In Tipton County, a highly skilled workforce, built on a strong educational foundation, is the heart of their success. Iconic br…
It is sad that @CNN refuses to report news that doesn’t fit their narrative. #WallsWork @KUSINews
RT @TNFarmBureau: Commissioner Jai Templeton has served TN agriculture extremely well, and we wanted to take the opportunity to thank him.…
Please take a moment to thank your local law enforcement in West TN, as today is National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day! Let’s honor these brave men and women that protect our communities, especially those that have sacrificed their lives to keep us and our families safe.
Last night, @realDonaldTrump addressed the nation on the major crisis occurring at our Southern Border. I am proud to stand with @POTUS, as we must build the wall and ensure the safety and protection of all Americans.
@Mark_E_Davidson @RepDebraMoody @MikeDunavant1
My thoughts and prayers are with the Jenks family and with the 148 other families of officers killed in 2018 in the line of duty. I am grateful for your service and sacrifice, and I remain committed to fighting for the law enforcement community here in Washington.
Yesterday, I was honored to attend the annual “Sea of Blue” Memorial in Tipton County for all fallen law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty. This marked the 12-year anniversary of Tennessee Highway Patrol Trooper Calvin Jenk’s murder on Highway 14.
Best of luck to all of our West Tennessee legislators as the 111th General Assembly officially convenes today!
Be assured, my staff and I are continuing to work hard for the people of West Tennessee.
As other federal employees are without pay during the partial government shutdown, I believe Members of Congress should do the same. That is why I sent a letter requesting my salary be withheld until we come to a resolution regarding funding for the wall national security.
RT @Vanderbilt_GR: Welcome back, @RepDavidKustoff - we look forward to continuing to work with you! #TN08 #116thCongress #WelcomeWeek
We must keep this momentum going into 2019 and fight against government overreach in the economy, burdensome regulations, and tax increases that will stymie such tremendous growth!
December jobs growth beat analyst expectations by 76%. Workforce participation expanded to its highest rate since 2013. Average hourly earnings grew to $27.48, marking a 3.2% increase for 2018 alone.
The new Congress has begun, Dems are already pushing legislation to raise taxes increase spending. We must protect hard-working families from these destructive policies that will increase our national debt force generations to come to pay the price.
Today, marks the beginning of the 116th Congress, and it is an honor to be sworn in for my second term representing the 8th Congressional District. I want to thank all of you in West Tennessee for giving me another opportunity to fight for your values!
Wishing you all a happy and healthy New Year!
From our family to yours, #MerryChristmas
This morning, I stopped by downtown Dyersburg for the community holiday party at the Dyer County Courthouse. It was great visiting with everyone. Thank you for having me!
I join my colleagues in thanking him for his leadership and thoughtful approach to public policy. Roberta and I wish Lamar, his wife, Honey, and their entire family the very best in all their future endeavors. (2/2)
.@SenAlexander is the definition of a Statesman. His public service of almost 50 years to the state of Tennessee our nation will leave a lasting legacy for generations to come. (1/2)
Today, I was honored to attend the City of Bartlett’s swearing-in ceremony for @MayorKMcdonald and the Board of Aldermen. I also visited with Shelby County Commissioner @MickWright and Bartlett Judge Tim Francavilla.
It was a good day in Tipton County.  I attended the City of Covington’s Holiday Open House and visited the @MunfordHighTN Band to congratulate them on their participation in the @RoseParade next month!
We have finally passed the #2018FarmBill, which directs the nation’s agricultural policy for the next 5 years. I am proud that we could pass this bipartisan legislation and support the agriculture industry. Read my official statement below:
I joined my colleagues in writing holiday letters to servicemembers as part of @mail4heroes. This program through the @RedCross delivers thousands of greeting cards to servicemembers, veterans, families all over the world each year.
Today, I recognized @MunfordHighTN Band on the floor of the House of Representatives. The Cougars will represent TN in the @RoseParade on New Year’s Day. This is an exciting opportunity for Munford High School and the state of Tennessee!
Seventy-seven years ago, our country was attacked costing the lives of thousands of servicemembers stationed at #PearlHarbor, Hawaii. We are forever indebted to the sacrifices of those brave men and women and carry on their memories still today.
Today is the 1st anniversary of @POTUS’s official recognition of Jerusalem as the unquestionable capital of Israel. To show my continued support, I proudly signed onto a resolution from my colleague, @RepAndyBiggsAZ, celebrating this momentous occasion.
We've taken many steps to combat the opioid crisis, like passing my bill to curb illegal opioid production. We still have a ways to go to get illegal drugs off our streets, but I'll continue support of law enforcement efforts to keep our communities safe.
Roberta I are saddened to hear of the passing of Judge William Hall. Judge Hall was a fair leader, and his decades of service to Collierville are not unnoticed. Our prayers go out to his family, friends, the Collierville community at this time.
Congratulations to the new leadership of the Tennessee State Senate, @ltgovmcnally, @senjohnson and @yagertweets.  Best of luck in your new positions, and I look forward to working with you!
Today, we honor the life of George H.W. Bush as he "lies in state" in the @uscapitol.  This privilege is reserved for government officials to allow the public to pay their last respects. As we honor 41, may we remember his lasting impact on our nation. 
RT @Tennessean: Tennesseans remember George H.W.  Bush as a 'gentleman' and selfless public servant
Roberta I are saddened to hear of the passing of our 41st President, George H. W. Bush. A WWII veteran, President Bush lived a long life of service to our nation, and his legacy will not be forgotten. Our prayers go out to his friends, colleagues, the entire Bush family.
When our servicemembers return home, there should be no confusion about the benefits they receive. I am glad to see @SecWilkie my colleague @DrPhilRoe, Chairman of @HouseVetAffairs, taking the initiative to ensure veterans’ benefits are fulfilled.
The St. Jude Marathon takes place each year to raise funds for @StJude.  Each Dec, runners spectators from all over the world witness the event. This race means a lot to the community impacts not only the hospital, but our local economy. Best of luck to all participating!
Congratulations to Peabody High School on their 2A Championship win! Last night, the Golden Tide defeated Trousdale Yellowjackets in an exciting victory of 17-9. Way to represent West Tennessee!
I enjoyed showing my office to Sandy Drewry of Germantown before her tour of the Capitol. My staff is happy to help West Tennesseans request tickets for a number of available tours in DC. To submit a request or for more information, visit my website at
It was a pleasure speaking with Ralph Perrey, the Executive Director of the Tennessee Housing Development Agency. @TN_Housing_Dev works to produce more affordable housing options for prospective homeowners across the state. Thank you for stopping by!
This morning, I met with leadership from the Memphis Area Transit Authority. They gave an update on the status of our public transportation system in the Memphis-area, including bus routes rail trolleys. Thank you, @RideMATA, for the work you do to benefit Memphis commuters!
I met with members of the TN Hospital Ass’n to discuss pressing issues such as support for rural hospitals patient care. Among them was JR Ross from @WTHealthcare in Jackson. They do impressive work for our patients in West TN. Thank you all for visiting!
This afternoon, I spoke with @KeithSherley at @NewsTalk1015FM on priorities for the rest of 2018 and the outlook for the 116th Congress. Thanks for having me on air!
The Tuesday after Thanksgiving is known as #GivingTuesday, a nationwide initiative to encourage philanthropy and volunteerism. I am proud to see local companies, charities, and volunteers taking these steps to give back to our communities.
Congratulations to Union City native, Stephen Vaden, for being confirmed by the Senate as the general counsel for the United States Department of Agriculture (@USDA). This is a major win for West TN!
Best of luck to all of the teams representing West TN in the @TSSAA Football State Championships this week! #Haywood #Covington #HenryCounty #Peabody #MUS
Happy #SmallBusinessSaturday! Small businesses play a major role in our economy and communities. As you shop for the holidays, consider the local impact and look for opportunities to #ShopSmall!
Happy Thanksgiving from my family to yours. Today, I want to focus on all of the many reasons to celebrate. I also want to say a special thank you to the our military their families. We are grateful for your sacrifices. For more, read my op-ed below:
I had a great meeting at @NHLA_Official in Shelby County. NHLA provides a number of valuable resources for hardwood lumberers foresters, including a classroom where they teach people from all over the world how to effectively grade hardwood. Thanks for having me!
I spoke to the Gibson Co. Farm Bureau about the ways I am working to help TN’s farmers agriculture industry. West TN has many farming operations, and I want make sure our farmers have the support they need in Washington. Thank you President Todd Littleton for inviting me!
Congratulations to State Representative @GlenCasada for being chosen as the Speaker of the Tennessee House of Representatives. Glen will be an outstanding leader in Tennessee’s 111th General Assembly, and I wish him the best as he takes on this role in January.
I am glad to see Chief David Dunning and other VA leaders taking proactive measures to ensure better quality service at VA Memphis.  Our nation’s heroes deserve the utmost care, and Chief Dunning’s plan shows that we are dedicated to taking steps forward.
This morning, I was interviewed on WYPL TV 18’s segment “A Question of Law,” where I answered questions about my role as a Congressman in Washington. Thank you to Judge Kay Robilio for having me.
Congrats to DRH Superior Metal Solution in Jackson for receiving the HIRE Vets Medallion Program Demonstration award. This award is given to businesses that are committed to hiring and retaining veteran employees. Thank you, DRH, for your commitment to our nation’s heroes!
Thank you, @KelloggsUS, for this souvenir from my recent trip to the plant in Jackson. We are grateful to have this impressive facility in West Tennessee.
I am wearing my purple ribbon today in support of those diagnosed with pancreatic cancer, the world’s deadliest major cancer. Through ground-breaking research preemptive screenings, we can change the future for those affected by this illness. Join me in being #PANCaware today.
It is always a pleasure. Thank you for stopping by!
It was a pleasure to have State @SenJohnStevens visit my office in Washington this morning. Sen. Stevens has been a strong voice for West Tennesseans in the Tennessee General Assembly, and I appreciate the many ways he works to serve our community.
RT @RD_Tennessee: Yesterday was a big day in Northwest TN. SD Jim Tracy announced investments of over $12.4M in WW CF loans and grants to…
This is an exciting development for Paris and Henry County. I am proud the U.S. Department of Agriculture (@USDA) is investing in our area and making crucial updates to the water systems in West Tennessee.
RT @CAL_FIRE: CAL FIRE wants to recognize the many out of state partners that have joined in battling these wildfires.
It was my pleasure to sit down with @Local24Richard to talk about ways I am using my role in Congress to support our veterans. These heroes deserve our utmost respect, we have taken action in the House this year to show our gratitude.
As #smallbiz thrives, more jobs are available for Americans. It is my hope that Dem leadership will not slow our progress as we head into the 116th. I will work alongside my colleagues @POTUS to ensure we continue to see record-high job growth low unemployment. #BetterOffNow
It was an honor to attend the Bartlett Veterans Day Ceremony in Veterans Park today. Our veterans deserve the utmost respect, I was humbled to be among so many local veterans as we showed our gratitude as a community.  Thank you to Bartlett Mayor Keith McDonald for having me.
I am humbled knowing there are such brave men women who have served our great country. This #VeteransDay, take the time to say a prayer for those who have served or are currently serving remember their sacrifices. May we honor you today and every day.
It was a great morning here in Lauderdale Co. honoring our veterans. I was proud to honor these brave men and women alongside Senator Ed Jackson, General Gus Hargett, and Mayor Jon Pavletic. Special thanks to Mayor Maurice Gaines for putting on this event!
Happy 243rd Birthday to the @USMC! Thank you for the unwavering service of the brave men and women among your ranks. #SemperFi
The law is the law, and those who enter our country illegally must face the consequences. Border security is a top priority, and this step by @POTUS sets the precedent that the United States will not condone illegal immigration.
It is Nat'l Veterans Small Business Week, a mission to recognize veterans for their hard work as business owners. From restaurants to retail, #VetBiz employs over 5MM Americans every year. We are blessed to have these heroes bringing business to our community! @SBAgov
Roberta and I are heartbroken to hear of the #BorderLineShooting that took place last night in California. Our thoughts and prayers are with the law enforcement officers, students, and the entire Ventura County community at this difficult time.
It was my pleasure to speak at the Shelby Co. Republican Women of Purpose this morning for a special event honoring local veterans. I was glad to share the ways I am working for our servicemembers and veterans in Congress.
It’s imperative that we impose further financial pressure and ensure that Iran does not achieve nuclear capability. I will continue to work closely with my colleagues on a strategy to protect our allies in the Middle East. (2/2)
I applaud @POTUS for re-imposing sanctions lifted under the deeply flawed #IranDeal. These sanctions send the clear message that the U.S. will not tolerate a regime that funds terrorism and oppresses its citizens. (1/2)
More job opportunities, lower unemployment rates, and higher wages for workers. This is just the latest of exciting news from the October #Jobs Report, proving Republican policies are working for the American people. #BetterOffNow
I applaud Brazilian PE Bolsonaro on his announcement of moving the Brazilian embassy to Jerusalem, the unequivocal capital of Israel. @POTUS set the precedent with the U.S. embassy in Israel, I encourage others in the int'l community to follow suit in this historic milestone.
West Tennesseans are benefitting from tax reform, and our progress is far from over. Thanks to the strong leadership of @POTUS and the hard work done in Congress, we are making more tax cuts possible for the American
Congratulations to @houstonhighGMSD for having TN’s highest ACT scores for the 4th year in a row. This is a true testament to the dedication of the faculty staff of @gtown_msd and the hard work from our students. Great job, Mustangs!
Thank you to the National Ass'n of Manufacturers (@ShopFloorNAM) for recognizing me for the Award for Manufacturing Legislative Excellence. We are lucky to have many robust manufacturing operations right here in West TN, I am honored to receive this award.
Happy Halloween! Wishing everyone a fun and safe holiday.
I am honored to be recognized for the Tax Fighter Award by the National Tax Limitation Committee.  Tax reform has proven it is working for Americans, and I am working every day in Congress to make sure this progress continues. Thank you, NTLC!
Protecting our borders is a matter of national security. We must take the necessary precautions to keep the American people safe and put an end to those coming to our country illegally.
Roberta and I are heartbroken to hear of the tragedy that occurred this morning at the Tree of Life synagogue. Anti-Semitism hatred have absolutely no place in our communities country. Please pray with us for the Tree of Life congregation, community, brave law enforcement.
I applaud @POTUS for signing into law the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act, critical legislation that will combat the horrific #opioidcrisis in West Tennessee and all across the U.S.
We must secure our borders. That’s why I am proud to support a bill introduced by @GOPLeader McCarthy to fully fund the wall, prevent known gang members from reentering our country, reaffirm our strong support for our @ICEgov officers.
I had an impressive tour of the new @CHSDragons campus. This is the 1st school year for the Dragons, I was so impressed by the emphasis on student engagement and preparing our students for the future. Thank you to @CSSupt, Principal Blanchard, Wright Cox for the tour!
Thank you Chancellor Keith Carver and SGA President Devin Majors for hosting me on campus at @utmartin this afternoon. I got an update on all the exciting things happening this semester. Go Skyhawks! #beutmproud
Today, I toured @BodineSchool where I learned about the extensive programs designed specifically for students with dyslexia. I was joined by @RepMarkWhite, @ShelbyCountyDA, U.S. Atty. @MikeDunavant1. Thank you to John Murphy, faculty, staff, students for showing me around!
RT @MayorJohnHolden: Tenn. Secretary of State presents check to Dyer County Archives
It was my pleasure to attend Ray Woodward’s annual Goat Supper. It was a great evening of good food and fellowship with men from across Carroll County including Mayor Joseph Butler and Judge John Everett Williams. Thank you for inviting me!
The @Kelloggs plant in Jackson was in full swing today when I dropped by. I enjoyed learning about day-to-day operations and seeing the hard work the team puts in each day to deliver quality products. We are lucky to have this impressive facility right here in West TN.
This morning I toured Spire Rehabilitation Hospital (@encompasshlth) in Jackson. The staff does great work providing a wide range of inpatient services to help get people back on their feet. What an impressive facility!
This is great news for West Tennessee and the entire state. Thank you, @DeltaRegional, for your investments in statewide infrastructure projects and steadfast commitment to the people of Tennessee.
I am proud to hear news that @TysonFoods is investing $500,000 in community efforts to benefit education, hunger relief, and housing needs in Humboldt and Gibson County. Thank you, Tyson Foods, for your continued support of local non-profits and commitment to West TN.
Exciting news: Under the leadership of @POTUS, our economy is the most competitive in the world. The United States is not only making real progress here at home, but our country is also proving we are thriving on the international stage. 
RT @FBIMemphis: Thank you @RepDavidKustoff for welcoming our new @FBIMemphis Special Agent in Charge (SAC) Mo Myers to Tennessee. SAC Myers…
This morning, I visited @TigersAHS alongside Mayor Wissman and met with Principal Duncan for #NationalPrincipalsMonth. Principal Duncan runs an impressive school with engaged faculty, sharp students, top-notch academic programs. Thank you for your dedication to our students!
Happy 243rd birthday to the U.S. Navy! For 243 years, brave men and women of the Navy have taken to the seas to protect our country. Thank you for your sacrifices in the name of freedom!
In West TN, we have over 10,000 farming operations run by some of the most hard-working, dedicated Americans. This #NationalFarmersDay, I want to send a special thank you to the generations of men women who have dedicated their lives to help preserve our agriculture industry.
Illegal immigration poses real threats to our country. When we don't enforce our borders, national security, economy, safety are in jeopardy. I stand with @ICEgov, @TheJusticeDept, law enforcement to crack down on people entering our country illegally.
I applaud the great work by @POTUS and his Administration for persistently advocating for the release of Pastor Andrew Brunson. Please join Roberta and me in praying for the pastor's safe return to the United States.
Congratulations to Mark Norris for being confirmed as a West Tennessee federal judge.  Mark’s many years of service have made him highly respected throughout the entire state of Tennessee, and I believe he will make an excellent addition to this court.
RT @JSunNews: On the brink of Hurricane Michael, Southwest Tennessee Electric linemen depart for Georgia
Roberta and I have the Gulf Coast in our thoughts and prayers as #HurricaneMichael makes landfall today.
It was great to meet the Quinn family before their tour of the Capitol this morning. They are visiting Washington from Collierville. Thanks for stopping by John, Jackie, and Katherine!
Today, I toured Gerdau Ameristeel Mill in Jackson. I am proud to have this impressive facility right here in West Tennessee.
I was honored to toss the coin Friday night for the game between @usjbruins vs. Northpoint Christian. It was an exciting victory for USJ, and I thank Headmaster Stuart Hirstein for inviting me.
I applaud the work of the Senate to confirm President Trump’s nominee, Judge Brett Kavanaugh, to the Supreme Court. His exemplary record demonstrates that he has the judicial expertise needed on the country’s highest court. I believe he will make a great addition to the bench.
