Congress must step up to preserve and protect the Chesapeake Bay! Let’s keep this national treasure clean and thriving for our children, grandchildren, and beyond.
Happy early 100th birthday to Mr. John Walker Sr.! Mr. Walker’s service to our nation devotion to family are an inspiration to #VA02. We can’t thank him other World War II veterans enough for fighting on behalf of America preserving our democracy!
Our caucus worked hard to make the bill stronger and more responsive to the concerns of hardworking Virginians. I urge the Senate to pass this legislation. (2/2)
From expanding voting rights to strengthening democracy to implementing smart reform across the government, #HR1 is a milestone that will improve America. (1/2)
RT @RobWittman: Today I joined @RepElaineLuria @BobbyScott @RepSarbanes @SenCapito @SenatorCardin to introduce the Chesapeake Bay Program R…
RT @BobbyScott: The Chesapeake Bay is one America's greatest treasures and that it is vital that we protect and preserve the Bay for future…
The Chesapeake Bay is among the most important sites for ecological diversity in North America. Proud to lead a bipartisan effort to keep it clean thriving for future generations with @RobWittman, @BobbyScott, @RepSarbanes, @SenatorCardin, and @SenCapito
RT @RepSchneider: I wrote in @CNN with @RepElaineLuria and @RepJoshG about the pernicious claim of dual loyalty and why it has no place in…
The recent accusations of dual loyalty call into question the equal footing of Jewish Members in elected office and, by extension, all Jews living in America. I am proud to vote on this resolution in condemnation of this rhetoric. (10/10)
I believe that I speak clearly, for all fellow Jewish veterans, that this echoes of language that has been used to marginalize and persecute the Jewish people for centuries. (9/10)
Am I to look back on my military career and the sacrifices it meant for my family and remain silent in the face of people questioning my loyalty to our country? (8/10)
In the first three years my husband and I were married, we spent almost two years apart so that we could both serve at sea and deploy three times. Is that not enough to prove my loyalty to our nation? (7/10)
Is that not enough to prove my loyalty to our nation? (6/10)
I deployed six times, serving in six ships in the Middle East and Western Pacific, working under challenging conditions while operating complex weapons systems, overseeing nuclear reactors, driving ships, and ultimately commanding a combat-ready unit of 400 sailors. (5/10)
I subsequently repeated that oath six times—at every promotion in rank and most recently when I had the honor to become a Member of Congress. Is that not enough to prove my loyalty to our nation? (4/10)
At the age of 17, when I entered the United States Naval Academy, I first took the oath to “support and defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic.” (3/10)
I am a Jewish American woman who served for 20 years in uniform and continue to serve in the United States Congress. (2/10)
Today I was proud to speak on the House Floor to condemn anti-Semitism. Please click here to watch my remarks, or scroll down for a transcript. (1/10)
#ThrowbackThursday to our Open House in Washington on swearing-in day! Grateful for everyone who made the journey to our nation’s capital.
25 years ago today, @USNavy first announced it would assign women to a combat ship. A great #WomensHistoryMonth milestone! Thanks to the policy change, I served on six ships and deployed as many times to the Middle East, Mediterranean, and Western Pacific.
The U.S. should be committed to maintaining and modernizing all three legs of the nuclear triad. We must continue to provide an effective and modernized nuclear umbrella, both for protection of ourselves and our allies.
This afternoon I met with @USNavy Secretary Richard Spencer at my Washington office. An informative discussion about military readiness and the future of our Navy. #VA02
A great way to begin #WomensHistoryMonth — my fellow vets and I enjoyed meeting this morning with Secretary of the Air Force Dr. Heather Wilson at the Pentagon to discuss defense strategy and how to keep America safe.
Thank you to @WilliamAndMary President Dr. Katherine Rowe for visiting my Washington office. I’m proud to represent students, faculty, and staff — already looking forward to my next campus visit!
Today I enjoyed meeting with CEOs from #VA02 YMCAs, including Billy George of South Hampton Roads and the Peninsula’s Adam Klutts. Appreciated the opportunity to speak with Parker of #ESVA and hear how the @YMCA family has been a positive influence in his life.
We're hiring! Coastal VA is home to thousands of talented vets. I'm proud to work w/ the Wounded Warrior Fellowship Program to help ensure our returning heroes get the benefits they've earned. Click for more info on our 2-year paid fellowship in VA Beach:
What a blast! I loved reading “One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish” to the AWESOME first graders of Diamond Springs Elementary School in Virginia Beach. On this #ReadAcrossAmericaDay, please take a moment to thank a teacher, school administrator, and support staff! @vbschools
Congress is a coequal branch of government. It has the authority to stop presidential overreach. I’m proud to support bipartisan legislation that reinforces our system of checks and balances.
I am devastated about the tornadoes that struck my home state of Alabama. As a Birmingham native, my heart goes out to all affected, especially victims, families, and first responders.
I was pleased to meet with Rear Adm. (Ret.) Ann Phillips. Ann is the Special Assistant to the Governor for Coastal Adaptation and Protection. We discussed recent studies and ways to make Hampton Roads and the Eastern Shore more resilient to sea level rise and recurrent flooding.
Yesterday it was great to start my week at Calvary Revival Church with Bishop Courtney McBath in Norfolk! @CRCNorfolk
Our veterans put their lives on the line to keep America safe, and I am committed to ensuring they receive the benefits they have earned. Working hard to push this bipartisan, critical legislation through Congress so it can become law.
This is unacceptable and has no place in American
Have you heard? 233,179 additional Virginians have signed up for Medicaid! out if you are eligible for quality, affordable health care here:
Our Blue Water Navy Veterans deserve clarity and respect. I’m proud to fight for them in Congress. It’s an honor to work on the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee.
Last week I enjoyed meeting with VersAbility’s team, touring their Hampton headquarters, and learning about the important work they’re doing to support Virginia families.
Today I enjoyed visiting with Bert Schmidt, President and CEO of @WHRO in Norfolk. Great to see the station and hear about its educational initiatives, local news division, and more. Public media makes our communities better! #VA02
This week at a committee hearing, I was proud to speak up for Blue Water Navy Veterans — heroes. Further information a video link here:
On the final day of #BlackHistoryMonth, we honor past fighters on the front lines of equal rights. Thanks to their efforts, we have been able to witness many happy firsts, from President Obama to Virginia Beach's own Gabby Douglas. Let's never stop striving for a better America.
90% of Americans favor expanded background checks for gun purchases. 96% of background checks are done within 3 business days. #HR1112 would give the FBI more time to finish the remaining 4% of background checks to help ensure guns don’t fall into criminal hands. #EndGunViolence
This week I joined Democrats and Republicans in voting for a bipartisan #PublicLands package: 1.3 million acres of new wilderness  Protects 1 million acres of public lands from mining Permanently reauthorizes #LWCF Saves taxpayers $9
As Chair of the House Veterans' Affairs Subcommittee on Disability Assistance Memorial Affairs, I'm thrilled at the chance to fight for America's heroes. Click here to read my full statement during @DAVHQ's legislative presentation to the House Senate.
America needs commonsense laws that help keep guns out of the hands of criminals. Universal background checks benefit our country and communities. I am a proud cosponsor of The Bipartisan Background Checks Act of 2019 and will be voting for it today. #HR8 #EndGunViolence
Thank you, @USCG, for everything you do to protect our shores and keep America safe.
RT @ToddCorillo: During a @HASCDemocrats hearing Tuesday, @RepElaineLuria (@ElaineLuriaVA), a @USNavy veteran, questioned @USFleetForces
Democrats and Republicans have shown a willingness to work in a bipartisan manner. Presidents should consult with Congress to find common ground when it comes to immigration and border security. (3/3)
My hope is enough Republican senators follow our lead, but this may be decided in the courts. Virginians deserve leaders who support our military, defend our Constitution, and respect our system of checks and balances. (2/3)
Yesterday, I proudly voted with Democrats and Republicans to terminate the national emergency declaration because it is unlawful and could steal many millions of dollars for valuable Virginia military construction projects. (1/3)
Great to meet with the Submarine Industrial Base Council and discuss the critical work the submarine industry does to keep America safe.
As a 20-year veteran, I am proud to fight in Congress for the safety, training, and readiness of our Navy. #VA02
Well-deserved recognition for an American hero. From the @Daily_Press: "Johnson is best known as a central figure in the book 'Hidden Figures' by Hampton native Margot Lee Shetterly and the namesake 2016 movie." #BlackHistoryMonth #VA02
Today is Museums Advocacy Day. Museums are special repositories of knowledge that we must protect and preserve. It was great to meet today with representatives of Norfolk’s very own @ChryslerMuseum!
I am committed to ensuring our veterans receive the benefits they have earned. I look forward to working with DAMA Ranking Member @RepBost to get this critical bill through Congress and signed by the President. (2/2)
Our veterans put their lives on the line to keep America safe. As Chairwoman of the House Veterans’ Affairs Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs (DAMA), I’m honored to champion a cost-of-living adjustment for America's veterans. (1/2)
RT @virginianpilot: Langley maternity ward to stay open after staff shortages avoided, Air Force
An awesome achievement by @_HamptonU graduate @iamRuthECarter. Congratulations on your Oscar! You make #Virginia and #America proud.
As I head to Washington this week, I’m reminded of how lucky I am to serve #VA02. It was great meeting with so many of you during my Open House last Friday in Virginia Beach! Please feel free to call our offices and our team is happy to assist.
This month, it was great to hear from our CNO, Admiral John Richardson, at the Navy League of Hampton Roads annual dinner. I look forward to working closely with him in my role on the HASC Seapower Subcommittee to strengthen our naval forces, our sailors, civilians, and families.
I was very pleased last week to meet with Rear Admiral Dee Mewbourne, Commander of Military Sealift Command. Maintaining and improving the capabilities of this vital arm of the Navy will strengthen our national defense. @MSCSealift
RT @Daily_Press: Through jazz, blues and history, Jamestown Settlement will honor African American women Saturday
This week in Hampton, I was so happy to meet with leaders of the National Institute of Aerospace, including Doug Stanley. It was great to learn about their work with @NASA on the cutting edge of technology @NationalAero
Serving Virginians is the #1 job I have as your representative. It was wonderful to meet so many of you, and it's the honor of my lifetime to advocate on your behalf. #VA02
I want to thank everyone who came to the Open House at our Virginia Beach office yesterday! #VA02
RT @SEIUVA512: Great to join @RepElaineLuria at her office opening tonight in #VA2 to talk about building an economy that works for everyon…
RT @sosonkyrie: Grateful that Congresswoman @RepElaineLuria took time with her constituents today in #VirginiaBeach at her open house! It’s…
RT @vawesleyanprez: How nice to visit with a loyal friend to Virginia Wesleyan, Congresswoman @RepElaineLuria, at her office in Town Center…
Yesterday I met with General Mike Holmes at Langley Air Force Base. General Holmes, Commander of Air Combat Command, shared his priorities regarding Air Force modernization, talent development, and improving support to military families. As a HASC member, it was great to connect!
I’m proud to defend #VA02 military construction funding and support a joint congressional resolution to terminate the emergency declaration.
Click here for a sampling of important, inspirational stories being told in Virginia Beach #BlackHistoryMonth
Virginians deserve leaders who will respect the Constitution, prioritize our national security, and support our military. The President’s national emergency is neither right nor the will of the people. Pulling funding from our military makes America less safe and more vulnerable.
Done.
Great to be with my friend and colleague @RepSpanberger at today’s Women In Venture event in Williamsburg. I am working hard in Congress to empower women and promote economic opportunity for all!
RT @RepAdams: Today for #BlackHistoryMonth we honor, Dr. Mae Jemison, the first black woman to be admitted in the astronaut training progra…
It was a pleasure to meet with advocates and military parents of students with special needs to understand their unique challenges in educating their children.
Cub Scout Pack 66 — thank you for visiting with me today! I enjoyed answering your questions about our government. Great stopping by Indian Lakes Elementary School in Virginia Beach. @vbschools
A unifying, uplifting message out of Hampton during #BlackHistoryMonth
I enjoyed visiting Naval Medical Center Portsmouth to discuss health care for servicemembers their families, future improvements to local medical treatment facilities, training for health care providers. Pictured w/ Capt. Christopher Culp, MD, Capt. Cynthia Gantt, NC @NMCP1
RT @RepMarkTakano: I’m excited to have assembled a passionate @VetAffairsDems Committee that's ready to get to work for our veterans. The n…
Please contact our office in Virginia Beach and our team will be happy to help. Info here! (2/2)
Due to inclement weather, our DC office is closed today. (1/2)
RT @librarycongress: Listen to interviews with formerly enslaved persons in this extraordinary collection: #BlackHi…
As a proud Navy veteran, I want to wish a very happy #NationalVetGirlsROCKDay to all our female veterans in #VA02 and beyond! Thankful for your courage today and every day.
Today I met with Navy Captain Kai Torkelson, Commanding Officer of Norfolk Naval Shipyard. Great to discuss NNSY capability and capacity, and the Navy’s carrier and submarine maintenance efforts. @NNSYNews
I am proud to take that same approach to Congress, and that’s why I’m so glad to join the Problem Solvers Caucus – the title of our bipartisan group defines exactly what we were elected to do. (2/2)
People in the Navy come from a variety of backgrounds and have different points of view, but we worked together to accomplish the mission at hand. (1/2)
Thanks to @WashDC100 for publishing my 100-word piece about how veterans in Congress are equipped to produce bipartisan results that help all Americans.
The Navy recently located the remains of the USS Hornet (CV-8), a World War II aircraft carrier built in Newport News in 1939 and commissioned in Norfolk in 1941
Excellent @Daily_Press read about the fascinating work being done at @NASA_Langley
RT @NASA: Mary Jackson — our first black female engineer — was just as committed to community service as she was to our missions. She spent…
Great to visit with friends, hear an inclusive message, and spend some of Sunday at New Life Metropolitan Community Church in Norfolk.
“The Tidewater Virginia district of Rep. Elaine Luria has the biggest percentage of military veterans of any House constituency. She’s now running the Veterans Affairs’ Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs Subcommittee.”
#NewsMatters. The Hampton Roads region is blessed with a robust media scene – great newspapers, television stations, and radio. Local journalism makes our community stronger.
“The presence of so many Hampton Roads-based legislators on the panel is a relief for an industry so important to this region.” Couldn't agree more! Looking forward to working with @RobWittman on the Seapower Projection Forces Subcommittee.
Every American who is concerned for the future of our democracy should stand up and say this is not right – and not the will of the people. This is a dangerous precedent and must be stopped.
I took an oath, both during my 20 years in the Navy and now in Congress, to support and defend the Constitution. This unconstitutional action by the President will steal from military readiness in response to something that is not a true national emergency.
Democrats and Republicans in Congress have shown a willingness to work together to defend our border, as we were elected to do. This cannot be supplanted by unilateral executive action.
Proud to join @MarkWarner, @TimKaine, the entire VA House delegation in pushing for relocation of the F-22 Squadron to Hampton Roads. Our region has a long history of supporting our nation’s military their families, would provide strong recruiting/retention ability. #VA02
RT @USArmy: Today we recognize #USArmy Sgt. 1st Class Eugene Ashley, Jr., the first African-American Special Forces Soldier to receive the…
The last six weeks reinforced what Virginians know to be true – shutdowns are unacceptable, unnecessary, and uncalled for. I was proud to support a bill that pays our federal workers and invests in critical programs that keep America safe, healthy, and strong.
Terrific piece about the history of Emancipation Oak and the brave people who studied under its shade.
Today I met with @NASA_Langley Director Dave Bowles — great to discuss @NASA and Virginia’s critical partnership, research, and support for America’s space program!
A step in the right direction. I am proud to cosponsor #HR8, a bipartisan bill, because background checks benefit our country and communities. We must keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people.
A year later, we remember the 17 lives lost at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School.Alyssa.Scott.Martin.Nicholas.Aaron.Jaime.Chris.Luke.Cara.Gina.Joaquin.Alaina.Meadow.Helena.Alex.Carmen.Peter.#Parkland, we are with you today and every day.#MSDStrong
Proud to oppose seismic airgun blasting and offshore drilling off the coast of Virginia with @RepMcEachin, @MarkWarner, @TimKaine, @BobbyScott, @GerryConnolly, @RepDonBeyer, @RepSpanberger, and @RepWexton.
Check out this thoughtful @WAVY_News story about the challenges faced by Norfolk’s first African-American police officers. We can learn so much from their bravery. #BlackHistoryMonth
Met with V.A. @SecWilkie to discuss ways to help Hampton Roads-area veterans get proper care. As Chair of the House Veterans’ Affairs Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, I believe it’s important to establish good working relationships to achieve results.
Yesterday, @RepSpanberger, @RepSherrill, and I met with @USAirForce Secretary Heather Wilson. It was great to discuss national security, military priorities, and ways to keep #VA02 safe.
Yesterday I had a great time meeting with outstanding Grafton High School students at the Capitol — thank you all for coming to Washington! @ClippersGrafton
Each new staff member shares our commitment to make Coastal Virginia a better place, and I am honored to have them on board.
We’ve expanded our team in Washington and #VA02! I’m proud to grow our staff so we can continue to provide exceptional constituent services and amplify our district’s priorities on Capitol Hill.
Built circa 1879, the Little England Chapel is Virginia’s only known African-American missionary chapel. Visit the chapel in Hampton and learn about the religious lives of post-Civil War African Americans in Virginia. #BlackHistoryMonth
Yesterday I met with Vice Admiral Carter, the superintendent of my alma mater, the U.S. @NavalAcademy. It was great to catch up and discuss issues important to our military and veterans.
Good morning, #VA02 – an inspirational read to start your day!
RT @ODULibraries: #MonarchMondays ! In our continued celebration of #BlackHistoryMonth today we want to highlight Margaret Simmons, the fir…
Yesterday I attended a meeting of Hampton Roads Pride. Great to hear about progress being made toward equality for all Virginians!
Saddened to hear of the death of Congressman Walter Jones, a thoughtful North Carolina lawmaker who worked in a bipartisan fashion.
Anti-Semitic rhetoric must be condemned. We must speak up when any Member – Democrat or Republican – perpetuates harmful stereotypes. That’s why @RepJoshG and I called on House Democratic leadership to condemn this rhetoric.
My staff and I stand ready to help with all issues and concerns, and we’re honored to field your calls, visits, and requests for assistance. My team looks forward to meeting constituents, listening to their concerns and priorities, and advocating on their behalf.
Serving constituents is the No. 1 job I have as your representative. Looking forward to the Feb. 22 open-house event at our office in Virginia Beach! Click here for more information:
Thrilled to attend the third annual Engage Norfolk event – wonderful to meet with Virginians interested in making a difference, improving government, and working toward positive change. #VA02
RT @OfficialCBC: There is no US history without Black history and for 400 years, Black America has made immeasurable contributions to socie…
Congratulations to the winners! #VirginiaBeach
Great guide to #BlackHistoryMonth events happening in Hampton Roads.
Medal of Honor recipients and Prisoners of War are among America’s bravest heroes. I am proud to cosponsor this bipartisan legislation to ensure we properly remember their dedication, courage, and sacrifice.
Joint Statement from Representatives Elaine Luria, @RepSpanberger, @RepWexton, @RepDonBeyer, and @GerryConnolly Calling on Lieutenant Governor Fairfax to Resign
Extraordinarily proud of our Portsmouth-based, life-saving @USCG heroes – and so happy they are back home safe.
“This is what children need to see, how their ancestors struggled to make [life] better for them and that they have a proud heritage.” Check out this terrific story about three women working hard to bring the past to life #BlackHistoryMonth
Veterans should never be forced to choose between seeking medical care for themselves or their children. Proud to have cosponsored the #ChildCare4Vets Act, which passed the House today.
RT @CraigCaplan: VA Democratic Senators Warner Kaine and Reps. Scott, Connolly, Beyer, McEachin, Luria, Spanberger and Wexton issue state…
My heart goes out to @RepDebDingell and the entire Dingell family. Rep. John Dingell was a force for good in Congress. America will miss his wit, wisdom, and passion for public service.
In February 1944, the Navy commissioned its first African-American officers. The 12 commissioned officers, plus a warrant officer who received his rank at the same time, came to be known as The Golden Thirteen. #BlackHistoryMonth
Great that experts, academics, nonprofits, city officials, and others met this week in Williamsburg to brainstorm and discuss how policymakers can translate established science into action. We cannot ignore rising sea levels any longer. #VA02
Looking forward to working with @RepJoeCourtney and @RobWittman to produce bipartisan results for our military on the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces.
Congress must examine gun violence and work to advance legislation to keep guns out of the wrong hands. As a proud cosponsor of #HR8, I’m glad @HouseJudiciary is holding hearings and #TakingAction on this issue. Watch live here:
I am encouraged that President Trump said he wants to work with Democrats on building up America’s infrastructure, lowering the price of prescription drugs, and honoring our military and veterans. So let’s get to work on these issues for the good of the American people. #SOTU
Founded in 1868, @_HamptonU was among the first educational institutions established for African-Americans. On campus, visit the Emancipation Oak, believed to be the place where Lincoln’s famous proclamation was first read in the South. #BlackHistoryMonth
Terrible news out of Farmville — one of our bravest individuals died as he worked to keep Virginia safe. My heart goes out to Trooper Dowell’s family and friends.
Loved checking in with the great staff — plus cats, dogs, and other furry friends — at the Virginia Beach Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
Great meeting last Friday with leadership of Senior Services of Southeastern Virginia to discuss how to improve the lives of our outstanding #VA02 seniors.
Wonderful celebrating #ChineseNewYear over the weekend with #VA02 friends at Tallwood High in Virginia Beach!
“Frederick Douglass started out on the Eastern Shore [MD], watching sailboats go by. That captured his imagination on the topic of freedom.” Check out this great @DailyPress article on Nathan Richardson, an inspiration to our community. #BlackHistoryMonth
With jurisdiction over maritime programs, shipbuilding, and more, the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee is crucial to the Hampton Roads community.
Looking forward to serving as Vice Chair of the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces! I’m proud to take leadership roles that will produce bipartisan solutions for active-duty military and veterans.
I ask Governor Northam to resign. This isn’t about politics, this is about what is right and wrong.
We need leaders who will bring us together instead of driving us apart. While it was proper for Governor Northam to apologize, there is no excuse for this type of photograph then or now. Unfortunately, the existence of this photograph does not bring us together.
Deciding to withdraw from the INF treaty is a mistake. It would endanger our national security, insult our NATO allies, and hand a victory to President Putin. The last thing our world needs is a new arms race.
Today I visited a dialysis clinic in Virginia Beach and later met with the Southeastern Virginia Chapter of the Alzheimer’s Association in Norfolk. Learned a lot about difficult medical challenges and discussed how Congress can preserve quality, affordable health care #VA02
Enjoyed speaking and visiting with friends last night at the Annual Meeting of the Greater Williamsburg Chamber and Tourism Alliance. Every American should visit Williamsburg and learn our rich history!
As #BlackHistoryMonth begins today, we remember the great progress made toward equality, thank those who made that progress possible, and recommit to the work that remains to be done.
Last month, I voted for the bipartisan @NATO Support Act, which easily passed the House. Our nation is safer and stronger when we honor our relationships with our allies. I was proud to meet last weekend with General André Lanata (SACT) in Norfolk – NATO’S home in North America.

Great news! Lots to see and do in #VA02: #ESVA
Congress has a lot to do in modernizing the disability claims process and helping our veterans get the benefits they deserve. I am thrilled to have the opportunity to fight for them.
As a veteran, I am honored to lead the House Veterans’ Affairs Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs and help our American heroes succeed after their service.
I was happy to support a pay raise our federal workers deserve. They should never be used as political pawns again.
Federal employees protect our children, patrol our borders, secure our flights, beautify our parks, clean our air, inspect our food, purify our water, staff our museums, help the hungry, house the homeless, and much, much more.

I’m serving in Congress to ensure equality for my daughter and every American woman. Ten years after the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was signed into law, women are still battling the wage gap. Pay discrimination has no place in America. Proud to support the #PaycheckFairnessAct
Thanks to @hearsayradio and @CathyLewisTalks for speaking with me about my first few weeks in Congress! #VA02 Click here to listen:
I support an orderly, deliberate, and thorough debate on border security between Congress and the President.
Today’s committee testimony illustrated that we haven’t examined every element of border security, including combating the flow of drugs at sea.
Great visit today with @HamptonCSchools Board Member @MarthaMugler and @nnschools Board Member @shelly_simonds in Washington!
"Fire-Rescue Chief Jeffrey Wise to Retire after 40 Years of Service"
Two of Norfolk’s finest protectors are headed into well-deserved retirement. Congratulations to @NorfolkFireResc Chief Jeffrey Wise and @NorfolkPolice Capt. W.R. Driskell Jr.! Our city thanks you both for your distinguished careers in public service.
.@RepWalterJones is a bipartisan lawmaker who goes out of his way to work across the aisle. My heart goes out to Congressman Jones and his family.
My district is home to eight major military installations representing all branches of our great Armed Forces. I will be a vocal advocate for everyone fighting for our country.
I am honored to serve on these subcommittees so I can dig into the details, strengthen our military readiness, and improve quality of life for all service members.
Today is #HolocaustMemorialDay. We commemorate the victims of brutal prejudice and intolerance. Let’s never stop working to reject anti-Semitism and all forms of discrimination.
Productive meeting late last week with Col. Patrick Kinsman at the Norfolk District of the @USACEHQ. Learned a lot about key projects, environmental impact, and public engagement in our region.
Enjoyed seeing brave @USCG families loading groceries at the Help for Hampton Roads Coast Guard Families Food Drive in Chesapeake. Big thanks to the Chief Petty Officers Association, volunteers, and Vertical Real Estate for opening their offices to host this important event.
Enjoyed meeting with Rear Admiral Chip Rock yesterday to discuss the importance of Navy installations to #VA02’s robust military capability.

My full statement on today’s news:
.@RepWexton, @RepSpeier, @RepMaloney, @RepSpanberger and I sent a letter to @SpeakerCox yesterday urging House action on #ERA. Virginia has a historic chance to ratify and give American women equal protection in the Constitution!
35 days – absurdly long, completely unacceptable, and long past time to #EndTheShutdown.

Please share with any #VA02 federal employees affected by this senseless shutdown. "Norfolk Offers Part-Time Employment Opportunities to Furloughed Federal Employees"
Congress and the President need to come together to reopen government and get people back to work. Then we can hear from the experts, debate evidence-based immigration policies, and work on smart bipartisan reform.
We feel this proposal would gain support across the aisle, allow a transparent process, and encourage much-needed reforms to our immigration system.
This Congress didn’t cause the shutdown, but it’s our job to fix it. I’m proud to lead an effort to #EndTheShutdown and find common ground. Effective governing shouldn't result in winners and losers -- our job is to do the most good for the most people.
RT @ComdtUSCG: Your Coast Guard leadership team the American people stand in awe of your continued dedication to duty, resilience, that…
Saddened to hear of the passing of Judge Robert Hagans. His service to the City of Virginia Beach will be remembered. Keeping his family and friends in my prayers.
Working hard to end the longest government shutdown in American history.
Another rescue by @USCG as they work without pay during the 32-day shutdown. Due to the shutdown, routine patrols are curtailed and the Coast Guard is only responding to search-and-rescue missions. I support a House bill that would pay the Coast Guard now.
The shutdown is hurting research efforts around Hampton Roads. New proposals can’t be submitted and existing projects are stalled. I have voted 9 times to reopen all or parts of our government.  It’s long past time to #EndTheShutdown.
So many Virginians have served honorably put their lives on the line for America, yet they have difficulty accessing the care they were promised. Being on this committee gives me a unique opportunity to advocate for my fellow veterans, and I’m honored to fight on their behalf.
I am honored to announce my appointment to the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs. As a 20-year Navy veteran and the spouse of a 27-year veteran, I know firsthand the challenges of receiving care and services through the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Wonderful visiting with friends at the 8th Annual Virginia Beach Interdenominational Ministers Conference Martin Luther King Jr. Breakfast. The health of our community depends on the strength of our faith community.
Pastor John Blanchard of Rock Church gave a heartfelt invocation at this morning’s breakfast. #ULHRMLK
Glad to be with Delegate @jonesjay and Norfolk City Treasurer @DaunHester! #ULHRMLK
Remembering Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and celebrating his legacy at the 35th Annual MLK Community Leaders’ Breakfast in Norfolk today. Dr. King’s selfless service, community activism, and civil rights heroism made America great. #ULHRMLK

The Coast Guard is our wall at sea. Readiness is eroding as training maintenance are deferred during the shutdown. Whether the future mission is counter-narcotics, weather response, or countering trafficking, the Coast Guard’s operations will be riskier because of the shutdown.
Great news for Norfolk!
My deepest condolences to the brave Americans who lost their lives in Syria this week.  Chief Petty Officer Kent had previously been assigned to Navy Special Warfare Support Activity 2 in Norfolk.  Their sacrifices will never be forgotten. 
Senate Republicans should do the sensible thing and pass bipartisan House legislation to reopen government immediately. Failing that, our top priority in Congress should be making it easier for federal workers to pay their bills and live their lives.
Our federal workforce should be able to access their hard-earned money during disruptive political breakdowns they had no role in causing.  Throughout this shutdown, Virginians have contacted my office with stories of lengthy furlough periods or working without pay.
Proud to introduce my first bill, joined by a bipartisan group of 11 original cosponsors. The Shutdown Relief Act would provide relief to federal workers suffering from the financial repercussions of the government shutdown. Read more here:
Today I was on @CNN to discuss the importance of visiting our troops in Afghanistan. As a member of the House Armed Services Committee and House Committee on Veterans' Affairs, I take seriously my responsibility to listen, learn, and deliver for our service members in harm's way.
Oversight is the responsibility of Congress, and it is inappropriate for the President to interfere with our constitutional duties.
