On #InternationalWomensDay, we honor the legacy of the late Rep. Patsy Mink, who I succeeded in Congress in 2002. As the first woman of color elected to Congress and the co-author of #TitleIX, which now expanded opportunities for generations of women, she was truly a pioneer.
House passed HR1 and adopted my amendment that incentivizes political parties to prioritize small-dollar donations in supporting candidates. Government and political parties to be accountable and responsive to ordinary Americans, not big-dollar donors.
Recognizing contributions of our 46,000 federal employees throughout Hawai‘i and reviewing their legislative concerns in the Capitol w/ Julie-Anna and Clay Bardon of the National Treasury Employees Union @NTEUnews #HI01
Getting an update on the U.S. Institute of Peace @USIP today from President @NancyLindborg, I can tell you, Spark, that it turned out far better than even you dreamed. Check out their important work here:
The late Rep/Sen Spark Matsunaga of Hawai‘i, for whom I worked as a young Hill staffer, first conceived of a national institute devoted to peace and then, 35 years ago, achieved it.
rights and democratic values in the region, and we need to devote our full resources to these goals. See my full testimony here:
for the East-West Center. Strengthened commitment to a free and open Indo-Pacific is necessary to protect the economic and security interests of Hawai‘i and our country. We need to reinforce our alliances and partnerships, promote open trade and development, and defend human
I testified today before the House Appropriations Committee’s State and Foreign Ops subcommittee to highlight the critical importance of the Asia-Pacific-Indian Ocean region to our country’s future and to highlight Hawaii’s critical importance in this efforts, to include support
challenges of today and tomorrow including the Indo-Pacific. See my full testimony here:
Our national debt now exceeds $22 trillion, up from $9 trillion in just the twelve years since I last served in Congress. I testified before the House Budget Committee today to highlight the urgent need for fiscal responsibility and to focus our budget priorities on the
Mahalo to the Hawai’i State Association of Counties and my colleagues in county government for visiting me in DC to discuss priorities for each county in Hawai‘i, including climate change, affordable housing, disaster relief, and infrastructure. @HonoluluGov @CountyofMaui
Emergency repairs and replacement of the Navy's Pearl City-Waiawa water line, which services 92,000 people, are necessary, and project funding must not be diverted elsewhere by the President’s emergency declaration. @USNavy See my full press release here:
Mahalo to Veterans of Foreign Wars @VFWHQ advocates from Hawai‘i for their tireless work on behalf of Hawaii’s #veterans. As a member of the MilCon-VA Appropriations Subcommittee @AppropsDems, I will continue to support our vets. #HI01
Outreaching on mutual goals and DC assistance with State House Speaker Scott Saiki and returning Rep. David Tarnas of Waimea dropped by. State House Class of ‘94 reunion.
Proud to join @RepThompson @RepStefanik @RepAmata and many of my colleagues in cosponsoring a bipartisan resolution supporting National #WomensHistoryMonth. This March, we will honor women who used peaceful means to change our society by ending war, violence, and injustice. #WHM
RT @AppropsDems: ICYMI: Members on the Military Construction-VA Subcommittee told @DeptofDefense officials yesterday that they won’t tolera…
Very impressed with Civil Air Patrol cadets @HawaiiWingCAP visiting from Hawai’i; so much poise, promise and willingness to serve. @CivilAirPatrol #HI01
Hafa Adai and Mahalo to Governor Lou Leon Guerrero of Guam for visiting me to discuss shared priorities for our Pacific homes. #HI01 #IslandCaucus
See my questioning here: @DeptofDefense @USArmy @USNavy @USAirForce
Today, at a MilCon-VA appropriations subcommittee hearing, I shared major concerns with the President’s proposed diversion of billions of dollars already designated by Congress to critical military readiness needs in Hawai’i and the Asia-Pacific to pay for his border plans. #HI01
Background checks help keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people without infringing on the 2nd Amendment rights of Americans. #HR8 #EndGunViolence
Today, I joined many of my colleagues in passing H.R. 8, the Bipartisan Background Checks Act, a reasonable bill that would #UpdateBackgroundChecks to include private transactions, including purchases online and at gun sales.
Is bipartisanship possible? At least talking it thru w/ @HouseBlueDogs Democrats Tuesday Group Republicans. #HI01 #bipartisanship #acrosstheaisle
Watch as I report back to Hawaii via public access TV. On Olelo, Mar. 8 at 6PM, Mar. 11 at 12PM, Mar. 12 at 10AM and Mar. 16 at 5PM, or go to my web site at and click on YouTube link.
Very productive Appropriations Veterans Affairs Subcommittee oversight hearing w/VA @DeptVetAffairs Secretary Robert Wilkie @SecWilkie relaying observations and concerns on Hawaii vet issues esp. from joining Veterans Fair at DAV/Keehi last week back home. @AppropsDems #HI01
@ meeting of Congressional Study Group on Korea w/Dr. Chung-In Moon, Special Adviser to President of South Korea, on eve of summit. #HI01 #TrumpKimSummit
Feeling the voices and lessons of a dark chapter at the Honouliuli National Monument. Really looking forward to working with the National Park Service, Japanese Cultural Center of Hawaiʻi and many others to truly tell this story.
Quick talk story with Indivisible Hawaiʻi at my Honolulu office. Mahalo for your vigilance.
Had a great site tour and meeting with Queens Hospital’s heart team. World-class practice for Hawaiʻi and the Pacific.
Mahalo to AARP Hawaii for a full briefing on national and local senior issues. We’re on the same page.
Today, I visited the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s (NOAA) Inouye Regional Center on Ford Island. What a world-class facility and team pursuing world-class efforts for our oceans and atmosphere. #NOAA
I met with the State House Republicans yesterday to compare notes on areas of mutual concern for our constituents.
Had a very full Tuesday district work schedule with Mike Buck radio, State House Republicans, Adm. Davidson of INDOPACOM, Pearl Harbor Naval Shipyard, Office of Hawaiian Affairs, Elemental Excelorator, Attorney General Connors, and at the VA Veterans Fair.
Mahalo to the Friends of Hanauma Bay for having me speak at your annual meeting in Hawai’i Kai and for your stewardship of this precious natural resource.
After the Senate passed the measure, I voted with the majority of my House colleagues on the mutual agreement to avert a second government shutdown. The deal also funded several key services and programs for
Susan B. Anthony devoted her life to fighting for women’s suffrage and social equality, and our country is a better place thanks to her work. Today, her 199th birthday, we celebrate the progress we have made and remember how much farther we need to go.  #ERANow #SuffrageMovement
Advocating for Hawai'i veterans' often unique needs and challenges at the @AppropsDems Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans' Affairs hearing on veterans' health and long-term care. #HI01
Mahalo to @HawaiianAir pilot Frank Worthen of Mililani for updating me on federal priorities of the Air Line Pilots Association @WeAreALPA on behalf of some 700 ALPA members throughout Hawai'i. #HI01
Federal funds help support the housing needs of communities in Hawai‘i facing a serious shortage of affordable housing. Mahalo to Habitat for Humanity Hawai‘i @HawaiiHabitat for all your work! #HI01 #HabitatontheHill
In emergencies, every second matters. When emergency responders get to 911 callers faster, lives are saved. Mahalo to Hawaii’s Enhanced 911 Board for all their work in keeping Hawai‘i safe. #HI01 #NG911
Really inspiring meeting today with Hawai’i Special Olympian Renee Manfredi @SOHawaii. Mahalo for being such an awesome ambassador for #SpecialOlympics everywhere! #HI01 #SOHillDay #InclusiveHealth
Hawai‘i is leading the nation by committing to 100% #cleanenergy by 2045. Proud to join @RepLowenthal in a @NRDems hearing today to explore how to most equitably make that inescapable transition nationally especially for negatively affected communities and workers. #100by2045
After meeting with Gwich'in members @OurArcticRefuge to discuss impacts of #ClimateChange and oil development on #Alaska Natives and their homelands, I cosponsored the bill to restore the decades-long ban on oil and gas exploration in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge #ANWR
The Ala Kahakai National Historic Trail continues to preserve and protect traditional #NativeHawaiian culture and natural resources. Mahalo to the #AlaKahakai Trail Association for all their efforts in maintaining this 175-mile long trail network.
Thank you to 25th Infantry Division @25ID commander MG Ron Clark for presenting this #Army seal for my office and discussing military construction needs for Hawai'i and the Pacific. @USARPAC #HI01 #ArmyStrong
Very honored to join the largest number of female Members of Congress in history celebrating a century of a woman’s right to vote in Suffragette White and to co-introduce a resolution extending the deadline for full ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment #ERANow #RatifyERA
Mahalo to Int Federation of Professional Technical Engineers @IFPTE Local 121 for traveling to DC to update me on Hawaii/Pacific federal worker concerns esp at Pearl Harbor Naval Shipyard, our largest industrial employer. #HI01
First hearing of Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction/Veterans Affairs w/testimony from senior enlisted members of armed services on overall quality of life issues. @AppropsDems  #HI01
Day in the life: Hawaii drug enforcement w/ police chiefs, rural health needs with @HawaiiRural, rural water system infrastructure, and Radford High School students visiting DC. #HI01
Looking forward to working with @RepJenniffer González for Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and other island community concerns!
Congratulations to the students from 'Iolani School who will be representing our State in the National Science Bowl’s Finals in D.C.! The National Science Bowl is one of the nation’s largest and most prestigious science competitions. #NSB2019
Congratulations to Sara King of Ala Wai Elementary School as one of only 33 Milken Education Award recipients nationwide this year. Congrats on receiving the “Oscars of Education” and a deep mahalo for your service.
My subcommittee assignments on the House Committee on Natural Resources @NRDems will allow me to protect our public lands, defend our oceans and wildlife, and support Native Hawaiians. See my press release for more information: #HI01
Kung Hee Fat Choy, from the United Chinese Society of Hawaii’s Downtown parade ushering in the Year of the Pig!
With U.S. Coast Guard 14th District in Honolulu Harbor today updating mission and needs throughout Hawaii and Western/Southern Pacific and expressing appreciation to servicemembers and their families for pulling together for each other through trying last months. Mahalo!
#SocialSecurity has been a pillar for three generations but needs action now to continue to serve those to come. Joining @RepJohnLarson of CT and over 200 colleagues today to intro Social Security 2100 Act to do just that. #HI01 #Secure2100
RT @CAPAC: Today, #CAPAC Members commemorated Fred Korematsu Day, which is celebrated on January 30 each year to mark Fred Korematsu’s birt…
Great meeting with @15thSMA Sergeant Major of the Army Dan Dailey to discuss quality of life and military construction needs for service members and their families in Hawaii and the Pacific. #ArmyStrong
In my first Natural Resources hearing, we kicked it off by addressing concerns over the oversight of oil drilling permits in untapped offshore locations and other natural resources being rushed through even as most of the government was shuttered.
I am very honored to be appointed to another key committee, in addition to Appropriations. I look forward to serving on the House Natural Resources committee, in whose decisions are so critical to our
I am relieved that this shutdown is temporarily suspended. I am committed to a full debate and decision making on securing our borders, but it remains to be seen if the lesson has been learned that government should never be shut down over policy disputes.
Today marks the 9 year anniversary of Citizens United v. FEC  Supreme  Court ruling, which allowed special interest groups and their Super PACs to heavily influence elections. That's why I co-sponsored  H.R.1:  For The People Act to repeal Citizens United.
Honored to march today alongside so much diversity in celebration of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
Working on homelessness: At a training session by the Institute for Human Services in Waikiki to volunteer for the 2019 Honolulu point-in-time count of homeless this week.
Meeting with the press in front of the Capitol with my fellow freshman Members of Congress to urge the Senate and President to end this needless shutdown. #EndTheShutdown
Stood with @RepJudyChu Chair of @CAPAC, new member colleague Ilhan Omar, Pro-Choice Caucus, Planned Parenthood, and @NAPAWF in opposition to recent attacks on women’s health. We must continue to defend and support access to contraceptives, Title X, and a woman’s right of choice
Deeply honored to be appointed to House Appropriations Committee, responsible for federal expenditures. Since Statehood, only one Hawaii Representative has ever served on this committee, and that was Senator Akaka 29 years ago.
Due to the #GovernmentShutDown, key visitor attractions like our national parks and Pearl Harbor historical sites are shut down. We are doing everything we can to help our federal employees, contractors,  local businesses, and organizations cope with the impacts of the shutdown.
The thousands of Hawaii federal workers and their families should not be held hostage over Trump’s wall.
Americans have had enough of the culture of corruption in Washington. It’s time to clean this place up and return to government of, by and #ForThePeople. #HR1
In bright lights in the Capitol, proudly joining my colleagues in introducing the very first bill of this Congress— H.R. 1, the For the People Act— a sweeping reform bill to take back our government from inside special interests and to open it up again to all citizens.
Inauguration Day (January 3, 2019) - It's time to get to work!
