Leaders. Trailblazers. Artists. Politicians. Caretakers. Today and every day, we recognize the women who have change the course of history!#InternationalWomensDay
Nurses deserve a bigger role in public health policy, and today, I introduced a bill to do just that: The National Nurse Act of 2019 will improve our national health care system and public health
Of all the people I’ve met and enjoyed serving with during my time in Washington, Ralph Hall was a true friend. No matter what party he belonged to, he believed in finding common ground in order to serve his constituents. That spirit of service is something I will dearly miss.
We need to invest in our research agencies that enhance America’s economic strength, address our national priorities, advance knowledge, and inspire our youth. Thanks to @HouseBudgetDems for allowing me to testify on the importance of the work we are doing in @HouseScience.
This year’s #HBCUSTEAM Day of Action marks the 75th anniversary of the @UNCF. HBCUs have provided pathways of opportunity for millions of Americans. These schools are important that’s why I’m proud to support HBCU STEAM Day of Action.
Was delighted to receive the Allene Jones Trailblazer Award yesterday at the TCU Harris School of Nursing. It was wonderful to be back speaking with so many future nurses!
Every patient deserves to hear all their healthcare options. The Trump Administration's gag rules blocks doctors from giving their patients just that — ethical, quality care. I strongly oppose the gag rule. #NoGagRule
Looking forward to returning to campus and speaking to future nurses during #WomensHistoryMonth! Hope you will join us this evening!
2019 marks 99 years since the 19th Amendment granted women the right to vote. During #WomensHistoryMonth, we honor the suffragettes that came before us and continue to fight for the full equality of women girls everywhere.
This #WomensHistoryMonth, let us recognize the history being made by the record number of women serving in Congress today."At present, our country needs women's idealism and determination, perhaps more in politics than anywhere else." -Shirley Chisholm
Together, still we rise.#BlackHistoryMonth
Katherine Johnson, Dr. Christine Darden, Dorothy Vaughan, Mary Jackson, and all the women of NASA were pioneers. The success of the NASA space program is due in large part to their brilliance, hard work, and perseverance in the face of adversity. #HiddenFigures
Yesterday, Congress took an historic first step in our battle to #EndGunViolence. I was proud to vote yes on #HR8 to implement universal background checks on all gun sales. We won't rest until our communities are safe from senseless gun
I was elected last November to provide a check on President Trump and put my constituents and the Constitution first. In fulfilling this solemn duty, tonight I voted in favor to terminate President Trump’s improper national emergency declaration.
While the Trump Administration continues to deny the reality of #ClimateChange, I am appreciative that @MikeRawlings continues to speak out. It is crucial for the country to join Dallas in leading the way to combat this epidemic and mitigate its
Nothing is more sacred in our democracy than the right to vote, and we have a responsibility to renew protections against racial discrimination in voting. #RestoreTheVOTE!
Wishing one of my heroes, @repjohnlewis a very a happy birthday! It is an honor to call you a colleague and a friend!
At my annual Prayer Breakfast this morning, I was inspired by the great religious diversity of this nation. After listening to the many wonderful speakers at the gathering, I am more firm in my belief that there is strength in unity.
Read my full statement here.
Pres. Trump declaring a national emergency to build his wall is an attempt to circumvent Congress' constitutional authority. He needs to get in line with the vast majority of Americans who understand that what is occurring at the southern border is not a national emergency.
No one knows the true pain of losing a child to gun violence like those who have themselves gone through the tragedy. Let us remember these words from a mother who lost her daughter 1 year ago today at the #Parkland shooting as we press forward in the fight to end gun violence.
We wore red today, because we support the fight against heart disease every day. Proud to join the #GoRed movement with many of my colleagues today.
Congrats, @RepColinAllred, to you and Aly! Delighted to send my best wishes for Jordan's health and happiness!
The #FAMILYAct would guarantee #paidleave for moms and dads (and many others!). A national policy would benefit families, businesses and the economy. Paid family leave means everybody wins.
If our STEM workforce doesn’t match the diversity of our country, it’s our country that loses out. We need more #WomenInScience and that’s why I introduced the STEM Opportunities Act Last year – to make sure our country succeeds by promoting opportunity for women and minorities.
For 22 years, I had the privilege of serving with a great legislator and and even better friend. John Dingell spent 59 tireless years in Congress working for his beloved constituents. Tonight, a grateful nation celebrates a truly wonderful man. Our prayers are with you, Debbie.
Spent part of today addressing the fantastic nurses of @NbnaInc, including some from Texas! We engaged in constructive dialogue on issues we need to overcome, like the maternal mortality crisis. With nurses leading the way, we will succeed.
Enjoyed a delightful evening last night with some of my Congressional colleagues! Thanks to @tmcf_hbcu for the opportunity to discuss the important role HBCUs play today.
RT @deantscott: .@RepEBJ chair of @HouseScience panel tells me after panel formally organized today: President Trump's #SOTU silence on #cl…
RT @HouseScience: Not once did the President mention perhaps the biggest challenge of our time: climate change. #SOTU
During tonight’s #SOTU, President Trump made little mention of the issues that affect Americans most. Democrats are determined to match the great American spirit of resilience and lead the charge for a better, more united
Ahead of President Trump’s #SOTU, here’s a look at how his policies are harming public health and the environment. Meanwhile, the Democratic Majority and @HouseScience is pushing back against these policies and will #ActOnClimate.
The UNCF does critical work supporting the important mission of HBCUs. I'm delighted with @Walmart's donation of $500,000, which will contribute to educating African Americans across the country.
After what would've been her 96th birthday, we unveiled a statue in Dallas honoring the legacy of Rosa Parks. Today, she would be 106 years old. I remain committed to her cause: ensuring we live in a society that values all as equal.
What an honor! I’m delighted to receive the #ChampionOfScience Award and am so appreciative to @scicoalition for the recognition!
This morning, I'm in Brownsville for a hearing on the crucial issue of #VotingRights. You can watch along here.
RT @RepFilemonVela: Please join me and my colleagues as we discuss the important topic of Voting Rights and Elections in my hometown of Bro…
The true meaning of #BlackHistoryMonth is not simply a look back at struggles overcome, but the progress to be achieved.  Let us use this month to combat discrimination and racism and to continue the long struggle of perfecting our
RT @HouseScience: The Science Committee Democratic Caucus has organized! Click the link to learn more:
Pres. Trump kept the paychecks of 800,000 Americans out of their hands for 35 days during the #TrumpShutdown which cost the American economy $11 billion – and now he’s threatening to do it again!
Whenever someone comes after the voting rights of Americans, it’s always an error.@dallasnews: Some names in list of 98,000 potential non-citizen voters included 'in error,' county officials say, citing
10 years ago today, President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act that moved us closer to #EqualPay. The struggle for #PaycheckFairness is not yet over, but for women everywhere, we will continue to press on until equal pay for equal work is a reality. #Ledbetter10
Sending our prayers for the officers and our support for everyone in Houston. We are with you, mayor! #PrayForHPD
Courage and fearlessness perfectly describes the Space Shuttle Challenger crew. May we continue the mission of space exploration that these brave men and women devoted their lives to.
Here is my full release:
I am relieved that our nation’s 800,000 federal workers will at long last receive their hard-earned paychecks now that this shutdown is ending. In spite of the president’s stubbornness and Republicans’ inaction, we have come to the correct resolution, albeit temporarily.
The lives of millions of Americans traveling today are on the line.The president and Senate Republicans need to put partisanship and campaign promises aside for the well-being of the country. This government shutdown needs to end NOW!
Now, we are learning that these delays at LaGuardia and other airports are causing delays to flights at @DFWAirport in Dallas.
I highlighted this after @HouseDemocrats voted to reopen government for the 11th time. TSA agents and air traffic controllers all remain committed to their duties keeping us and our airways safe, but Senate Republicans have failed them by not voting to reopen the government.
Yesterday, I took to the House floor to speak on behalf of the airport security and safety workers, including National Air Traffic Controllers, facing undue hardships because of the shutdown.
This is a deeply concerning development, but one we anticipated as a possible outcome of this reckless #TrumpShutown.
RT @TexasTribune: 33/ Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson does not support a border wall. Regarding the shutdown, she said: "The president should…
Thanks for having me on, @rolandsmartin. It's always a pleasure to talk about the importance of #STEM and the impact it can have on growing our economy! This will be a top priority on @HouseScience Committee during the #116thCongress!
RT @rolandsmartin: "We’ve Got To Be Ready For The Competitive World": Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson  @RepEBJ Talks #STEM, #HBCUs
Gun violence in Florida took 5 more innocent lives today. I pray that this Congress takes action to finally declare
It’s the Year of Air Pollution Health. We’ve made great progress, but #ClimateChange is making it harder to clean up #airpollution through worsening heat waves and wildfires. To achieve #HealthyAirForAll, we must address climate change.
I’m delighted to welcome the Members of the @HouseScience Committee for this Congress! Together, we’ll focus on the issues that matter and stand up for science!
I come from a family of veterans. No one deserves our respect and appreciation more than those willing to answer this highest calling. Our country is better than the president’s ban on transgender
POTUS and Republicans have allowed this #TrumpShutdown to bring our country to a halt for 1 full month -- a disservice to 800,000 federal employees and millions of Americans who need government services to make ends meet. Join us in our call to #EndTheShutdown
#MLKDay
RT @Mike_Rawlings: “I was not afraid of the words of the violent, but of the silence of the honest.” - Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. #Martin…
As we observe a national day of service in his name, let us seek to bring progress and prosperity to all Americans, and let us promote the ideals Dr. King lived by and spread his message of compassion and love.
The president's proposal does not address the most pressing crisis on hand: the government shutdown. Temporary protections in exchange for the construction of a permanent wall is not a serious
RT @SenKamalaHarris: Always great to spend time with my fellow AKA’s @laurenunderwood @JacksonLeeTX18 @repadams @repterrisewell @RepEBJ and…
A democracy can only function when we know what the most pressing needs are. That is why the #Census2020is so important. Though not fully resolved, this decision will help us better represent the people -- especially the most
There is no place in America where a full-time worker making the $7.25 federal minimum wage can afford their basic needs. It’s time to #RaiseTheWage.
If Dr. Martin Luther King hadn't been taken from us on April 4, 1968, he would've celebrated his 90th birthday today. In his memory, let us all seek to live by his words and ideals every way we can. #MLK90"If I cannot do great things, I can do small things greatly."
Last week, my House colleagues I voted to reopen the government – and this week, we did so again, with our main goal being to pay 800,000 Americans currently receiving no pay. When will Republicans step up and help end this irresponsible #TrumpShutdown?
Happy Founders Day to all my @Akasorority1908 sorors!
It’s day 25 of the longest shutdown in American history and the American people are paying the price. It’s past time for Senate leadership to join @HouseDemocrats in voting to #EndTheShutdown.
Gun violence is a true national crisis, and currently, our government does not allow us to even study how to best counteract this epidemic. My bill, the National Gun Violence Research Act, would change that and put us on a path to saving thousands of American lives. #NeverAgain
29,282 Texan federal employees need the #TrumpShutdown to end so they can provide for their families again. This is why I voted to re-open key government agencies today, including HUD and Transportation – which keeps our airways and roadways
Today, I spoke on the House Floor in support of a resolution introduced by @RepColinAllred to allow the House to intervene in the GOP lawsuit that seeks to dismantle the ACA. 11.5M Texans with pre-existing conditions rely on the ACA we will fight to #ProtectOurCare!
In the president's remarks, there were falsehoods inaccurate statistics. We heard nothing new, nothing that will endure. What will endure is our national motto --  that out of many, we are one."The symbol of America should be the Statue of Liberty, not a thirty-foot wall."
There is an epidemic of gun violence in America, and more than 30,000 Americans were victims of it last year. Today, we begin to change that. I’m proud to support #HR8, which proposes commonsense background checks. #NeverAgain
Every day @realDonaldTrump keeps the government closed, America’s small businesses pay the price. Due to the shutdown, the Small Business Administration has had to forgo hundreds of millions of dollars in loans contracting opportunities. #EndTheShutdown
Honored to serve as Chair of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee for the #116thCongress. It’s time to #StandUpForScience again and address the important issues facing us today – including Climate Change.Let’s get to
I'm proud to be joining @HouseDemocrats in introducing the #ForThePeople Act – our plan to empower voters end years of GOP attacks on voting rights.
With the GOP in the majority, the #TrumpShutdown lasted more than 12 days. On day 1 of the #116thCongress, House Dems voted to reopen the government — with money to secure the border but no wall.The Senate should immediately do the same.
Rest In Peace, Herb Kelleher.
Today, I thank my Democratic colleagues who are ending their service in Congress welcome @ColinAllredTX, @Lizzie4Congress, @SenatorSylvia @vgescobar who are beginning theirs. I'm delighted to serve as Dean of the Texas Delegation for the next two years! #116thCongress
Thanks @dartmedia for doing your part to get everyone home tonight.Wishing everyone a happy and safe New Year's
Ending 2018 with some good news! Congratulations to the MLK Jr. Family Clinic and @UTSWNews on their new
It's been a week since President Trump shut the government down. Until he understands that the right choice is the American people and not the ineffective border wall, it does not appear this #TrumpShutdown will
And let us also keep the 420,000 federal employees who are working during the holidays without pay because of the #TrumpShutdown in our thoughts. We are grateful that they are fulfilling their responsibilities to our country even when the president is not.
As we rejoice and spend time with our loved ones, let us offer our prayers for the 14,000 unaccompanied, immigrant children who are still separated from their families and living without knowing when they will be reunited with their parents.
Wishing everyone celebrating a very Merry Christmas! May this day bring peace and joy!
Here's my full statement on the
Democrats presented Pres. Trump with a simple proposal days ago: keep the government funded through a bipartisan plan that provided more than $1 billion for border security. Pres. Trump instead chose an unattainable, irresponsible $5 billion wall over the American people.
House Democrats and Senators from both parties are ready to keep the government open. The Senate has already voted to do so. If the government does indeed shutdown it will be because POTUS rejected a bipartisan deal. #TrumpShutdown
On the floor of the House discussing my bill, the Quantum Initiative! Watch now:
Sen. Murphy is right. This will move us in the right direction, but at the same time, Trump's School Safety Commission Report will not make schools safer for our children.I'm a nurse, so I know what we need to do to save lives. Banning bump stocks and this report is not enough.
State Championship here we come! Congratulations to @Duncanville_Fb on their big win tonight! Go Panthers!
Good luck to @Duncanville_Fb in tomorrow’s big playoff game. I’ll be cheering for the Panthers to make it to the state championship!
Today, I am thinking of the 20 first graders and the six adults from Sandy Hook Elementary that we lost six years ago, and praying that their families find a sense of peace in the face of the pain I can only imagine they feel this time every year.
Delighted to join @TheIsmailiUSA community in sending my best wishes to His Highness the Aga Khan on his 82nd Birthday! I am appreciative of the #AgaKhan's service to humanity leading the @akdn for the contribution of the #Ismaili community here in Texas and the U.S.
Today is the 3rd anniversary of the #ParisAgreement. Trump has undermined critical environmental safeguards at every turn – threatening the overall health and safety of our communities. I’m working to stop these reckless actions. #ActOnClimate
RT @SciCmteDems: ICYMI: Top Dems @RepCummings and @RepEBJ Release New Staff Report on #EquifaxBreach Finding Stronger Laws Needed to Thwart…
RT @JohnJHarwood: build The Wall? norepeal Obamacare? nodenuclearize N Korea? nobig infrastructure plan? noreduce US debt? nocut trade…
RT @VelshiRuhle: In light of the 77th anniversary of Pearl Harbor, watch @AliVelshi and @SRuhle honor U.S. Navy seaman Doris  "Dorie" Mille…
On this day 77 years ago, 2,335 US servicemen gave their lives defending our country at Pearl Harbor -- more would've perished if not for the valor of Dorie Miller. Today is a day to acknowledge the bravery of Dorie Miller and honor the memories of the fallen. #PearlHarborDay
Read my full press release here:
Combatting #ClimateChange is the defining issue for this generation of leaders. We must rise above the forces that seek to oppose us confront this crisis -- that begins by recommitting to the
A beautiful tribute from a son to his father. Honored to have known this family and grateful for their immense sacrifice in service to our country. #Remembering41
Thank you to everyone who made the 2018 Senior Living Conference a success! I hope all the participants came away with valuable resources and the feeling that they are better prepared for the days to come! #TX30SeniorLiving
Just 15 days left to #GetCovered! Visit today to find the best, affordable plan for you!
Rest in peace, President Bush. George Herbert Walker Bush was one of the greatest public servants to offer complete devotion to our country. We all miss him
RT @SciCmteDems: Thank you to all of the @HouseDemocrats who today highlighted #NCA4. This report, in addition to several others released t…
RT @EnergyCommerce: The #NCA4, a report by 13 federal agencies including @ENERGY, @EPA and @NASA states: “Future impacts and risks from #Cl…
The #NCA4, a report by 13 federal agencies including @ENERGY, @EPA and @NASA states: “Future impacts and risks from #ClimateChange are directly tied to decisions made in the present.” There is no time like they present to #ActOnClimate. #ClimateFriday
Senior Living Conference is just 5 days away! Join us for free health screenings to gain access to the best resources for our older adults! Hope to see you at @Lancaster_TX Rec Center on 12/3 at 9:30 am!
Delighted to announce that DART will receive $2 million in funding for the Red and Blue Line Platform Extensions project. This will bring great benefit to District
RT @SciCmteDems: Ranking Member @RepEBJ Congratulates @NASAInSight on Mars
What an outstanding achievement! Congratulations to all the brilliant scientists and engineers of @NASA for landing @NASAInsight on #Mars! This is a reminder that when we put our minds to the task, no challenge is too great! #MarsLanding
Dr. Olivia Hooker's name may not be one that most people recognize, but her contributions will not be lost to history. We are grateful for the path she blazed for the brave African American servicewoman who followed. May she Rest In Peace.
The holiday season is the perfect time to #shopsmall. I encourage everyone to join me today to support our local businesses as we mark
Wishing you all and your families a very Happy #Thanksgiving!
Congratulations to my favorite Mav @swish41 for being awarded the Key to the City of Dallas by @Mike_Rawlings! Can't think of a player and mayor more fitting for this recognition!
The #Census is a sacred tool of our democracy. It determines education funding, healthcare, hospital and clinic locations. It is for all American residents, not only citizens.Any attempt to misuse the info gathered for the census will not be
Protect your family with an affordable plan that covers essential health benefits like ER services, prescriptions newborn care #GetCovered 
"We are open. We want to hear from you."Read my thoughts on how I would restore the House Science Committee's role as the door to the future and return its focus to value science if I am chosen as Chair in the new
Today, as we acknowledge the enormous debt we owe to our veterans, let us begin to repay it by honoring and defending the ideals of democracy that they have died
After 307 mass shootings in our country this year, enough is enough.Democrats will make passing comprehensive, universal background checks out of the House a priority in the next congress. For the safety of the country, Republicans must join
President Trump has again taken a drastic measure that threatens the rule of law. He must know that neither the American people nor the incoming majority of Democrats in the House will allow such blatant obstruction of justice to take place.
Last night, the American people voted to protect coverage for preexisting conditions, accountability for those in Washington and an end to corruption and a Congress that has an agenda that is #ForThePeople.And the work to achieve results for the American people begins.
DART is offering free rides to and from the polls tomorrow for anyone who needs one! Just present your voter registration card. No obstacles, no excuses. Get to the polls and vote! #DART2Vote 
This is why we must return to a government #ForThePeople tomorrow and restore a Democratic majority! #Vote
Since Jan. 2017 Trump GOP have:-voted to repeal ACA take away healthcare from 12 million-threatened to gut Social Security, Medicare Medicaid-jeopardized CHIP-overseen mass closures of hospitals and clinics
Since Jan. 2017:-white supremacists spewed hate in Charlottesville-thousands of children separated at the border-dozens of Trump cabinet ethics scandals-LGBTQ servicemen denied the right to serve-instituted 3 Muslim Bans-2975 Puerto Ricans killed during Hurricane Maria
Since Jan. 2017, Trump and the GOP have:-given $1 trillion tax cut to the rich-gutted the financial protections for working Americans-eliminated the fiduciary rule that required investors to put your interests over theirs-allowed income inequality rise to historic levels
Congresswoman Chisholm inspired me and gave me the confidence that women's voices matter. This is why we need more women elected to congress, and this year, record numbers of women are on the ballot. All the more reason to
50 years ago today, #ShirleyChisholm broke the glass ceiling and became the first African American woman elected to Congress. She paved the way for me so many women of color. The only way to honor her legacy by getting out to #vote.
This is the most important election of my lifetime, and your vote counts more than ever before! Today at 7 pm is your last chance to early vote! Visit to find the best #earlyvoting location for you! #Vote
RT @BarackObama: While we're talking about preexisting conditions, the ACA is the law that finally protected your coverage for preexisting…
The last time Democrats had the majority in Congress, we passed Obamacare and 20 million Americans gained health care. If we win it back on Nov. 6, we’ll make it lowering healthcare costs a priority again. Your chance to #GetCovered for 2019 begins today!
Our democracy is what we make of it. I am so delighted that our young people are enthusiastic and engaged. This is how we will succeed – when everyone, regardless of age, feels they have a say in our country!#ForThePeople
Enjoyed speaking with the student journalists from @jesuitdallas yesterday. They asked some difficult questions but I was glad to answer them. I hope they continue to pursue journalism and understand how vital a free press is to our democracy.
This is unconstitutional. Pres. Trump cannot take away #BirthrightCitizenship on his own.But he can will take away healthcare, Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security unless Democrats win back the majority.Remember who is #ForThePeople when you
RT @OfficialCBC: We send our prayers out to the families of the victims of hate fueled violence this week in Pittsburgh, PA and Jeffersonto…
There is no place in America for this kind of violence. It's disheartening that the tone in the country is such that these kinds of horrific acts are allowed to take place. The people of Tree of Life synagogue and of Pittsburgh are in my prayers
If people goods can't move, our economy can't grow. It's time to look at innovative ways to improve access to transportation for people all over DFW. I was delighted to discuss my thoughts with the US Conference of Mayors today at @Toyota HQ in Plano today.
I was delighted to speak at #DiversityByDesign yesterday! Promoting #STEM education and careers is crucial for the future of our country. And the greater the diversity of people entering these fields, the brighter our future will be!
Proud to receive a 97% legislative score from The Leadership Conference for my support of civil and human rights. Thank you to @civilrightsorg for your leadership and constant efforts advancing the value of every
We will not be intimidated by threats against the press or the leaders of our democracy. Americans will never succumb to fear. We will always rise above.
This is democracy in action! I'm so delighted to see that so many Texans came out to vote yesterday -- including 55,000 here Dallas County. Let’s keep it up!
Enjoyed spending yesterday afternoon at Burleson Elementary reading "Grace for President" to a wonderful group of KG students. I hope that these students will be inspired to run for president themselves one day, too!
Couldn't wait to #vote today on the first day of early voting! I didn't mind that I had to wait a little longer while standing in line! Hope to see everyone at the polls over the next two weeks! #VoteEarly
If Republicans keep their majorities in Congress, they will cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. We cannot allow that to happen.Instead we need to expand benefits and lower healthcare costs. That's what Democrats are
Pres. Trump must stop peddling misinformation. Climate change is real we must address it through broad, sweeping action. It is possible Pres. Trump needs to join our efforts and stop making his dangerous and false
Enjoyed a productive meeting with @desototx Mayor Curtistene McCowan today. We both know there are challenge we must face, but I believe we will succeed together.
TODAY is the deadline to submit your app! All apps must be submitted by 11 a.m. Make sure they are turned in to in the next hour!#Congress4CS
Student, just 3 days remain to submit your app! Be sure to get them in soon, the deadline is on Monday, October 15 at 11 a.m. Central. Don’t miss it!
Record numbers of Texans are registered to make their voices heard. Make sure yours is too!Today is the last day to register to #vote! Visit now!
Climate change is real but we can do something about it. We must heed this dire warning and act by sharply cutting carbon emissions and investing in research. We must act for the future of
Everyone -- of every age -- needs to go out and #vote!Time is almost up! Tomorrow is the last day to register in Texas. Visit today.Thanks @kendrick38 for helping spread this important message!#GoVote #GOTV
We cannot continue to lose our best scientific minds to workplace harassment. It's time we correct this troubling issue.
District 30 is truly a district of opportunity! Thank you to my  constituents for a wonderful 26th Community Appreciation Day!
Judge Kavanaugh has neither the integrity nor the temperament to serve on #SCOTUS. The legitimacy of the court will rightly be questioned so long as he is seated on it. His confirmation is a dark day for our
RT @AWISNational: AWIS endorses the Combating #SexualHarassment in the Sciences Act introduced today by @SciCmteDems RM @RepEBJ. Through re…
RT @SciCmteDems: RELEASE: Ranking Member @RepEBJ Introduces Combating Sexual Harassment in Science
#SafeCOASTAct would overturn Administration actions weakening safety rules put in place after #DeepwaterHorizon. Congress must #ProtectOurCoast from another disaster!
Today’s a great day to register to #vote! Only 7 days remain to register and early voting begins in just 20 days!
A thorough, unimpeded investigation is exactly what's needed before Judge Kavanaugh's nomination proceeds. It would be inappropriate for the WH to intervene into a process designed so the Senate can carefully consider the findings before they decide to vote him onto #SCOTUS.
The cost of housing is something we must address but there's no way we can achieve success without addressing transportation, education healthcare.Enjoyed a great conversation about too many Texans being "priced out" of housing at #TribFest18
RT @brandonformby: .@RepEBJ says in Dallas, income inequity is widening as low- and high-income pops each continue growing. “The division…
RT @brandonformby: .@RepEBJ says housing affordability requires better education, better transportation, better jobs. “If a city is going t…
#SCOTUS ensured African Americans the right to vote an equal education, ensured LGBTQ Americans the right to marry, and women the constitutional right to make their own healthcare choices. It will be tarnished as long as Judge Kavanaugh serves on it. This is wrong.
Nothing compels @senjudiciary to continue to so recklessly force Judge Kavanaugh's nomination forward. A third credible allegation only provides more credence to stop all proceedings and allow @FBI to investigate. Tomorrow's hearing  must be postponed.
RT @ASCO: Thank you to the members of Congress who were able to join us at the #ASCOAdvocacySummit reception this evening!
Choosing to schedule Judge Kavanaugh's committee vote just one day after Dr. Ford testifies is another example that Republicans do not, in good faith, intend for this process to be fair.
“But there’s a big difference between giving Kavanaugh and his accusers a real chance to share their opposing stories and simply pretending to be impartial. Republicans are leaning heavily toward the
RT @MichelleObama: There's a lot at stake this November. If we stay home, critical issues that affect our families and communities get igno…
Reauthorizing #LWCF is a no brainer - it costs the American taxpayer nothing, protects our treasured #publiclands, and helps preserve American history. #SAVELWCF
Our democracy works when everyone is engaged. Make sure your voice is heard in November. Register to vote at today! #GoVote #NationalVoterRegistrationDay
I agree with Chief Hall's decision to fire Amber Guyger and hope it represents the first step in our search for justice for Botham Jean. I continue to keep Mr. Jean and his family in my
Any attempt by Pres. Trump at intimidating Rod Rosenstein, either during or after their meeting on Thursday, cannot be tolerated. The DOJ’s independence is critical to maintaining the rule of law, and Dir. Mueller’s investigation must proceeded unimpeded.
I support Sen. Feinstein’s call to halt Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination until the FBI can investigate both credible allegations against him. No single nominee should be confirmed to #SCOTUS with so many red flags.
Thanks to @TexasVeterans for bringing more than $1.4 million to DFW for our veterans. Congratulations to all the great organizations who will serve our veteran community with these funds!
On #NTxGivingDay, I encourage everyone to support @FrontofFlight who help promote #STEM to 30,000 students all over North Texas!@NTxGivingDay
It's vital that young people get involved, get engaged and vote! I was delighted to spend some time yesterday at Townview and Paul Quinn urging students to participate in this election! You can join these students by registering at by October 9! #GoVote
The census is an opportunity to make sure everyone in our community is accounted for and we need your help to do it! There are many job openings that need to be filled! I encourage all interested to apply at
The future is calling, and this bill promoting research into quantum technology will help us answer that call. That’s why I authored the National Quantum Initiative
To all those observing, may your fast be easy and meaningful. #YomKippur
.@Senjudiciary must #PostponeTheVote on confirming Judge #Kavanaugh to a lifetime #SCOTUS appointment and conduct a thorough investigation of Dr. Christine Blasey Ford’s story. The American people deserve as much.
#ICYMI: The Science Technology Brain Trust brings some of the best STEM minds together to inspire our young people to begin “Building the Future, Today.” I hope the students enjoyed the program and learned as much as I did.
Supreme Court justices should be held to the highest standard. Judge Kavanugh’s nomination should not proceed further until both he and Dr. Ford testify on the record before the American people. Sen. Grassley should delay voting on his nomination in committee.
Veterans have answered our highest calling with their service defending our country. Honored to be part of the Veterans Brain Trust at #CBCALC18!
Delighted to host my Science and Technology Brain Trust for the 26th Year at #CBCALC18! Hope to inspire another generation of young people who want to change the world through #STEM!
In the 24 years since President Clinton signed the Violence Against Women Act into law, victims of violence across the country have received support to combat abuse. As it expires in 4 legislative days, Congress must join together to restore
The @FCC Lifeline program helped 10 million Americans last year alone. Affordable wireless service, especially for victims of domestic violence and sexual assault, must be protected. No one should be without a lifeline. #LifelineForSurvivors
RT @SciCmteDems: READ: Ranking Member @RepEBJ’s Opening Statement for Glider Truck Regulations Hearing →
Social Security is a bedrock program for seniors, survivors the disabled. Proud to join the #ExpandSocialSecurity Caucus to strengthen this vital program.
Every day, families lose loved ones to suicide. This is why I co-authored the National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act which invests in #SuicidePrevention research to make getting help easier. #SuicidePreventionWeek #StopSuicide
When 2,977 Americans lost their lives on this day 17 years ago, our nation showed that when we stand together, no act of terror can divide us. We are forever grateful to the first responders and brave Americans who answered the uninvited call that day. #NeverForget
This has been a difficult time for our community. I agree with the decision Chief Hall made to turn over the investigation to the Texas Rangers. I am confident this review will be comprehensive and conducted without
RT @NationalNurses: Thank you Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson for standing with nurses in our fight for guaranteed healthcare by sponsoring the…
May this Jewish New Year bring peace and happiness! L'Shanah Tovah! #RoshHashana
Delighted to announce more money is coming to District 30! Congratulations to @HeadStartDallas and @UTSWNews on this wonderful
His name is Jackson, and if Judge Kavanaugh is confirmed, then Jackson and 130 million Americans living with preexisting conditions could lose their health care. That's #WhatsAtStake. #KavanaughHearing #SCOTUS
Enjoyed a wonderful morning with the North American Association of Chinese Organizations. This meeting represents the growing friendship between Taiwan the U.S. I look forward to our future working together.
