REMINDER! Daylight Saving Time starts tomorrow. Remember to set your clocks to “Spring forward” one hour.
Thanks to the Omro Herald for reporting on my bill, The Student and Teacher Safety Act, which will make schools safer by allowing them to bolster security based on their individual needs.
This week, I was glad to meet with @YMCA, who play a vital role in helping our kids develop skills in leadership, responsibility and community service.
In light of anti-Semitic comments by a certain member of Congress, I voted yes on a House Resolution condemning hatred.
@JakeSherman Here’s the roll call. I votes YES on the resolution and DO condemn hatred. Please correct this.
@taureansmall Here’s the roll call. I votes YES on the resolution and DO condemn hatred. Please correct this.
Thanks to Steve Etka and Jeff Lyon from @FarmFirstDairy for giving me an important update on Wisconsin’s world-famous dairy industry.
Congrats to @sartoricheese of #Plymouth for yet another great showing, and appearance in the finals of the U.S. Cheese Contest! #WI06
#Wisconsin will always be my home. That’s why I was happy to meet with @WisCounties about their individual needs and ways to help them thrive.
I spoke with the WI Society for Cardiovascular and Pulmonary Health and Rehab about ways we can improve access to cardiac rehabilitation.
I support retaining coverage for people with pre-existing conditions, which is why I was happy to speak with @ACHA_Heart about improving the quality of life for adults with congenital heart problems.
RT @SteveScalise: Sounds like an emergency.
I was happy to speak with members of @OrgIAC about the future of a free, democratic Iran.
ICYMI: I joined @WTMJSteve on Friday for a second segment to discuss President Trump’s meeting with Kim Jong Un, Governor Evers decision to withdraw the WI National Guard from the border and bipartisanship in Congress.
At North Shore Health Care in #Cedarburg, the quality of care they provide was only outdone by the quality of people working there!
RT @SenRonJohnson: That’s the same number for ALL of 2014 when President Obama declared a“humanitarian crisis at the border.” This IS a gr…
Thanks for having me at the @GraftonChamber ONCE Event, where are discussed ways to keep government out of the way of growing small businesses.
Milwaukee County has, unfortunately, adopted a radical sanctuary policy (which means they are breaking the law) My bill, the Ending Sanctuary Cities Act, would restore order to our immigration system by discouraging this type of law-breaking
ICYMI: I joined @WTMJSteve on Friday to discuss the House Oversight’s Michael Cohen hearing and President Trump.
Trivia time! #Waubeka, WI is the birthplace of #FlagDay.I had a great time being where it all began and supporting the National Flag Day Foundation’s annual dinner and auction.
At the Sheboygan County Chamber of Commerce’s Champions Gala, I was able to speak with local leaders and business owners about what makes #Sheboygan truly one-if-a-kind!
I usually go to their studio, but this week @nabtweets came to mine to report on how we can keep the industry sound.
I am an original cosponsor of @RepAndyBiggsAZ’s resolution recognizing that the national debt is a threat to national security because Congress’ reckless spending has gone unchecked for too long.
“2018—A Banner Year for the U.S. Economy”Thanks to #GOP policies and
I was happy to meet with @AmericanLegion to discuss how we can continue to take care of our country’s #veterans.
ICYMI: I was on the Jay Weber Show this morning to discuss yesterday’s hearing with Michael Cohen. Thanks for having me on,
There was a lot of energy in the room during my meeting with @WPPIEnergy about how we can keep the lights on in #WI’s towns and villages.
I signed a letter with @RepKevinHern thanking @SecretarySonny for common sense work requirement reform for those receiving SNAP benefits, which will help people get back on their
#Wisconsin is a beautiful state with a variety of wildlife and natural attractions. I voted for the bipartisan Natural Resources Management Act to keep it that way. This bill has passed both houses and is now sent to the President’s desk to be signed into law.
I was happy to meet with @AAMers to discuss ways Congress can help keep museums educational, fun and mostly importantly, open!
I’m glad that I could speak at the Bipartisan Heroin and Opioid Task Force roundtable. The opioid crisis in our country is out of control. Congress needs to work with local leaders to get a handle on this epidemic.
Thanks to @HHSGov for issuing new Title X family planning rules, which prohibits the use of abortion as a “family planning” technique when receiving Title X funds. This new rule will eliminate Planned Parenthood’s $60 million in taxpayer funding.
I had a very informative meeting with @StopSarcoidosis about this terrible disease and ways we can #StopSarcoidosis
I’m always happy to meet with Wisconsin DAV. It’s always a pleasure to see you all and discuss the important work @DAVHQ is doing. @DAVWILegDir
As an ardent defender of Social Security and Medicare, it was a pleasure to speak with the seniors of Village Point Commons in #Grafton about the state of those programs and my work to ensure they are available for current and future generations.
Congrats to #Sheboygan’s Justin Swigert for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout!
ICYMI: I joined @DanODonnellShow in-studio on Friday to discuss the GOP plan to secure our borders and encourage legal
I always enjoy going to #Fredonia, especially to support a church fish fry!
RT @WisconsinMC: Congrats to @MercuryMarine on winning the Grand Award in the Mega Category! #WIMOTY
I will always support our nation’s veterans, which is why it was a pleasure to support the #Plymouth American Legion Soup Benefit for Veterans.
Make sure to tune into CBS 5 Green Bay this Sunday at 7:30 a.m., where I’ll give an update on the latest news from Washington. @WFRVLocal5
Thank you @SecNielsen for leading the fight to stop human trafficking
On the menu at the Eastern WI Beef Producers Promoters 17th annual “Steak Out”: 1.Steak2.Conversations about how to make sure this industry continues to thrive in #WI.
Sheboygan Love Bowls is an event to support Sheboygan County’s Meals on Wheels.More info on how to help this great program can be found here
Today, I got to meet the friendly staff and see the top-notch facilities at Harbor Haven Health and Rehab Services in #FDL
RT @WIBroadcasters: Thank you to @RepRonKind, @RepGrothman, @RepSeanDuffy, and @RepGallagher for cosponsoring the Local Radio Freedom Act!…
After an event in Markesan, I ran into @RepBallweg!
I had a great time supporting the Waushara Community Food Pantry at the Elder’s Annual Chili Supper.
Uh-oh! If you’re concerned about rising health care costs, you should read this.
Great to see everyone at the fundraiser to support Waupun Memorial Hospital! @RohnWBishop
I had a great time talking to local business leaders about the issues most important to them at the Columbus Chamber of Commerce annual dinner.
It was great to meet with local leaders and discuss the issues facing Two Rivers at the Kiwanis Club Pancake Breakfast.
It was a pleasure to see everyone and support the Boys Girls Club of Fond du Lac annual Reach for the Stars Dinner and Auction. @bgcfdl
I’ll be joining guest host @BrianSchimming on the @MarkBellingShow today at 4:05 p.m. CT.Listen live here:
Congrats to Seth Morse, Jaiden Haack and Lance Bolden on achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. The sky is the limit for these bright young men!
RT @fox6now: .@RepGrothman says ‘compromise’ funding bill has provision that puts children in harm’s way:
Last week’s government funding bill could put children in harm’s way. I will soon introduce a bill to correct this
Happy Presidents’ day!As a reminder, all of my offices will remain open today and ready to serve you.
Thanks to #GOP policies, 7/10 Americans have an optimistic view of their financial future.“This level of optimism hasn't been seen in 16 years, according to
This week, I cosponsored the Bipartisan “Protecting Older Workers Against Discrimination Act”, which will give older workers affected by age discrimination the legal recourse they deserve.
If you need to contact my FDL or D.C. offices on #PresidentsDay, we’ll be open and ready to help!
This week, I became an original cosponsor of the bipartisan “PUPPERS Act”, which will prohibit the VA from performing painful and distressing medical experiments on
I had a meeting with the Forensic Nurse Examiners, who do a great job both treating patients and helping law enforcement solve crimes.
This week, I was proud to introduce the Student and Teacher Safety Act to help schools secure their campus and better coordinate with #Police. It’s time we make sure our children can learn in a safe environment.
I met with the Pulp and Paperworkers Resource Council to discuss the best ways to produce paper while keeping our forests vibrant and healthy.
Welcome back Dean @JimPressOffice - great to hear your stories again!
There is a drug epidemic in America. In fact, opioids now kill more people yearly than car crashes. That’s why I was glad to speak with @CADCA about what our local communities can do to fight this problem.
When small business works, America works! Thanks for stopping by.
I have signed onto bipartisan H.Res.119, which highlights career and technical education month and recognizes the importance encouraging young people to pursue it.
The new ReConnect Program grants money to rural communities to expand broadband access. Click the link below to find out if your community qualifies and how to sign
The pleasure was all mine!
Today, I spoke with @lakeshoretech about the future of career and technical education and how we can encourage future generations to pursue the high-paying careers available to graduates.
I had a productive meeting with @DiscoverMATC about the best ways to prepare the next generation of skilled workers. #WIWorking #Manufacturing
For sure!Thanks for stopping by.
I signed a bipartisan letter to Medicare Administrator, Seema Verma, reaffirming my commitment to strengthening and preserving the Medicare Advantage
RT @CBPSanDiego: Proven effective in San Diego, walls helped stop vehicle drive-throughs, which were a common smuggling technique in the 19…
Democratically elected sheriffs from counties on the southern border are tired of the Democrats political games. They say it’s time to increase funding for border security and build the wall.
RT @CBPSanDiego: In this video, Chief Patrol Agent Rodney Scott explains how walls help CBP stop dangerous drugs at the border.
How long will Democrats remain silent while one of their emerging leaders continues her anti-Semitic rhetoric? Anti-Semitism has no place in America and Congress should join me in denouncing this
I had a great time meeting with everyone at the Emmanuel Lutheran Church’s Souper Dinner XX.
The WI Rural Water Assoc. made a splash in DC to talk about how we can improve infrastructure and keep fresh water flowing to Wisconsin’s towns and villages.
ICYMI: I recently cosponsored H.R. 897, which will protect faith-based foster care and adoption services from being discriminated against based on their
RT @CBPSanDiego: Second video in the series.  Watch below for more details about the border security mission in San Diego.
Thanks to the Waupaca County Sheriff’s Office for visiting my #DC office to discuss RISS, the Regional Information Sharing System for law enforcement.
ICYMI: the Senate just passed S.1, which strengthens our relationship with Israel and combats the horrible, anti-Semitic Boycott, Divest and Sanction (BDS) movement.I call on House leadership to bring S.1 to the floor for a
RT @EdLaborGOP: Republican Leader @virginiafoxx talks with tipped workers who would lose their jobs in a $15 fed min wage hike. Oddly, they…
$15 minimum wage = 62,000 WI jobs
Watch President Trump’s speech at the National Prayer Breakfast
RT @CBPSanDiego: This is the first in a series of short videos with San Diego Sector Chief Patrol Agent Rodney Scott that will attempt to a…
Today at an @EdLaborGOP hearing, I reaffirmed my commitment to protect people with pre-existing conditions, as well as highlight the cost-saving elements of association health
It’s a pleasure to discuss ways to improve higher education with the Wisconsin Assoc. of Independent Colleges and Universities. They always have a lot of class!
Congrats to Neil Dogra of #Mequon for earning recognition of a Distinguished Finalist in the @PruSpirit award for excellence in volunteer and community service. Keep up the good
I'll just leave this here.
Make sure to tune into #SOTU tonight at 9 p.m. ET, 8 p.m. CT to hear a clear, prosperous plan for America.
Looking forward to being on the show!
One of the best ways to stay in touch with the community is to attend the Towns Association meetings. This photo was taken after Sheboygan’s meeting, and I was at Manitowoc’s the night before!
At the @CommBloodCenter in #Oshkosh, I learned that there is a blood shortage due to the inclement weather. Contact your local blood donation center to find out how to help!
Great to see everyone at the “Cabin Fever” dinner and auction benefiting St. Matthews School in Campbellsport.
Thanks to Beth and Dennis for showing me the ways Bella Medical Clinic in #Oshkosh is helping women during all stages of pregnancy.
Congrats to Eugene Schroeder, the Lomira Chamber of Commerce “Citizen of the Year”!
At the Johnsonville Rod and Gun Club Annual Poultry Party, we talked about conservation and preserving our natural resources for future generations.
ICYMI: I have introduced a bipartisan bill to prevent all future government shutdowns by triggering an automatic CR, how it’s done in #WI.
The GOP policies of the last two years are still paying off! 304,000 new jobs last month3.2% average wage growth
I was in Nogales last week.  Thankfully, they have a wall that funnels criminals to ports of entry. Imagine how much deadly Fentanyl and Heroin is being smuggled across our border where there is no wall.
I can confidently say, the state of Oshkosh is strong! As we learned from public officials at the Oshkosh State of the Community Address.
I, along with 20 colleagues, sent this letter to Arlington National Cemetery requesting visitors be allowed to bring American flags to honor their fallen family members.
I can’t wait for it to get all the way up to -9 degrees tonight!
This article talks briefly about my bill, the End Government Shutdowns Act. To find out more, click my name in the article or visit my website-
One of the biggest reasons to finish the wall is to deter child sex trafficking. The article below is written by a DHS special agent who saw this repulsive practice at our porous border far too often. 10,000 children fall victim every year.
Veterans: Last Congress, I voted for the VA MISSION Act, which was signed into law. With it taking effect in June 2019, click below to find out how it may expand access for you.
If your garbage can was empty this morning, it's because this #Manitowoc company worked through the snow
Lomira HS wrestling team makes national news for shoveling snow for their neighbors. Way to go
Today, we had the first Committee on Oversight and Reform hearing, where we questioned experts on how we can lower drug prices.
Walls work! Check out my floor speech on border security from last
I took this picture during my trip to the Arizona border and added some stats the border patrol agents gave us.
RT @daveloebsack: Loebsack, @RepGrothman Introduce Bipartisan Legislation to End Future Shutdowns
Always a pleasure to see Sheboygan Falls Mayor Randy Meyer and his wife Tammy at the Kohler-Sheboygan Falls Fire Department Brat Fry!
Just saw this column in the Manitowoc newspaper. Alzheimer’s is a tragic disease that devastates the lives of too many. I will continue to do everything I can to help those affected.
Congrats to #FDL’s own @MercuryMarine on celebrating their 80th
New York state should be ashamed that its legislators passed this abhorrent law that allows abortions right up until birth.
Today, we recognize #HolocaustRemembranceDay. Let us honor and remember all the men, women and children who suffered during the Holocaust and in the years after. #WeRemember all the lives lost.
This week, I went to the Arizona-Mexico border with a group of fellow Congressmen. In Nogales, we spoke with border security agents who stressed the importance of expanding the wall.
Just because the government is shut down, doesn’t mean we shouldn’t pay working federal employees. I am cosponsoring H.R. 271, which would do just
This week, I cosponsored H.R. 672, a bipartisan bill that will defer federal employees’ federally owned student loan payments until after a government shutdown
It’s always a pleasure to see fellow Wisconsinites in D.C.! Today I was able to chat with #Sheboygan mayor, Mike Vandersteen.
I look forward to continuing to represent #WI06 on the increasingly prestigious Oversight and Reform
I am proud to announce that I will be returning to the Education and Labor Committee. I look forward to building on our past success, especially with career and technical
RT @GOPLeader: Retweet if you agree that the State of the Union should proceed as planned. I just signed and submitted a resolution that wo…
Planned Parenthood released their annual report, and the bad news continues:1. Record high funding from taxpayers2. 332,757 abortions performed. – an increase of 11,000 from the previous year3. Non-abortion services continue to disappear
Thanks @RepJohnJoyce!
Yesterday, I visited the U.S.-Mexico border in Arizona to meet with border security agents and discuss the benefits of a physical wall.
This editorial comes on the heels of a group of Democrats last week canceling a meeting with President Trump at the White House.
Congratulations to Larissa Clinard, Fond du Lac’s Young Professional of the year, and each of the Fond du Lac Young Professional Future Five award recipients!
Meet Sadie and her husband Stan. Sadie is Deputy District Director in my FDL office who recently earned the Young Professionals of #FDL Future Five Award. I’m so proud of her and grateful to have such an extraordinary
I always love to go to Manitowoc to speak with people about the issues that affect them. And the beautiful drive up is just a plus!
Thanks to everyone who came to my town hall meeting in #Cambria. Your feedback is an essential part of my job as your representative in Washington, DC.
Thanks to everyone in the #Kingston and #Dalton area who came to my town hall meeting. I greatly appreciate your feedback!
"I will veto any legislation that weakens current pro-life Federal policies and laws" -@realDonaldTrumpI applaud the President for standing up for what is right and protecting life.
Like and share this link!  WWII Veteran James “Maggie” Megellas deserves the Medal of Honor for his bravery in the Battle of the Bulge.
Pro-life is pro-science!
The Republican stance on immigration is to secure the border and continue to allow 700,000 new citizens each year- FAR more than any other country. If you have a few minutes, please watch my speech on the House floor on the subject.
Glad I was able to make it to the #Laconia Jazz Band Chili Luncheon at the high school!
Here’s my selfie from the #Princeton brat fry. Post yours if you were there!
#TBT to last year’s #MarchForLife. I will always fight on behalf of the most vulnerable among us. Make sure you stop by my office if you are in town marching tomorrow!
In honor of the annual @March_For_Life, I spoke on the House floor about the shameful history of legalizing abortion in America and stressed the importance of protecting human life.Thanks to the marchers for your enthusiasm on this important
75% of Americans agree that tax dollars should not be spent on abortions.The Democrats in Congress do not.I won’t stop fighting to protect the voiceless
It’s always a pleasure to see fellow Wisconsinites in #DC. My good friend, Mike Ansay, stopped by to say hi and go on a tour of the #Capitol!
I had a great conversation with Matt Kittle about solutions to the government shutdown, building the wall and the greatest rock song of all time!
ICYMI: The Democrat-controlled House is prioritizing U.S. funding for overseas abortions with their very first
I am a proud cosponsor of H.R. 271, the No Work Without Pay Act. This bill will ensure all government employees required to work during the shutdown receive their paychecks promptly.
I am committed to both ending the partial shutdown and securing our borders, which is why I sent this letter to the Chief Administrative Officer asking him to withhold my pay until a deal is reached and the government reopens.
I met with the Young Adult Leadership Program of @LittlestTumor. Together, we WILL find a cure for Neurofibromatosis, which affects far too many children today.
This week, I sat down with @SpectrumNews1WI to talk about the humanitarian crisis at the border and my bill that would allow public donations toward border security and a wall.
Today, please take a moment to recognize and thank a law enforcement agent. These brave men and women put themselves at risk every day so the rest of us can live safely. #NationalLawEnforcementAppreciationDay
“Last month, 20,000 migrant children were illegally brought into the United States -- a dramatic increase. These children are used as human pawns by vicious coyotes and ruthless gangs… This is the cycle of human suffering that I am determined to end.” -@realDonaldTrump
We have a legal immigration process that naturalizes over 700,000 new citizens each year, far more than any other country. I believe if someone wants to come to America, they should do so legally.
Last year, there was a dramatic increase of Heroin, Meth and Fentanyl that illegally came across our southern border.We must act NOW to secure the border and make America safe.
These numbers are staggering. It’s apparent that we have a crisis at the border that we must address NOW.
RT @MattBatzel: Congressman @RepGrothman wants public to be able to donate directly to Treasury to fund border wall
With 32,000 jobs added in December alone, 2018 was the best year for #manufacturing since 1997.Huge news for #WI06, home to more manufacturing jobs than any other Congressional
#WWII #veteran James Megellas deserves the #MedalOfHonor. @CMOHfoundationI have introduced a bill to make him eligible, but need your help to spread the
Patrick Knox of #Cedarburg was committed to achieving the rank of Eagle Scout and he did it. Congrats, Patrick!
Don’t look now, but #Manitowoc and #Neenah currently have record-low
Wow, the bill I introduced today, allowing for citizens to fund the border wall, is already getting national attention.
Not even 24 hours into the new session of Congress and Democrats are voting to send our tax dollars overseas to fund abortions…
+312,000Nothing but good news from December’s jobs
President Tsai Ing-wen is right—China should “respect the commitment of the 23 million people of #Taiwan to freedom and
James “Maggie” Megellas is a true American Hero. The Fond du Lac native led a WWII offensive that devastated enemy forces and saved American lives. That’s why I urge Congress to pass my bill, which would make him eligible to receive the Medal of
Totally agree! Career and technical education provides millions with good-paying, lifelong careers.
Great to be on the show @JayWeber3! I look forward to continuing my bipartisan work in Congress to reduce health care costs for everyone, tackle common sense welfare reform and secure our borders.
@RepBryanSteil First!Welcome to the delegation Congressman Steil.
I introduced a bill in March to do just this. I am glad that the President took notice and is overturning this misguided rule that is making our schools less safe. Read more about my bill:
The Word became flesh and made his dwelling among us. We have seen his glory, the glory of the one and only Son, who came from the Father, full of grace and truth. --John 1:14. #MerryChristmas!
My D.C. and Fond du Lac offices wish you a very #MerryChristmas! We hope you have a wonderful holiday season with family and loved ones.
Watch my floor speech on President Trump’s decision to withdraw from Syria. I must disagree with him, as we saw under President Obama, withdrawing U.S. troops leads to the rise of radical Islamic terrorist organizations like ISIS.
Americans elected @realDonaldTrump to build the wall and protect the American people. I am proud to do my part in making America safe.
This is great news for Wisconsin’s 6th District, which is home to more manufacturing jobs than any other.
Today we say goodbye to room 1217. If you plan to visit my Washington office next year, please note that we have moved to 1427.
I’m heading over to the Library of Congress to support Speaker Ryan in his farewell address.Thanks, @SpeakerRyan, for your leadership and all of the positive things you’ve done for #Wisconsin.Tune in live here:
This week, I sent a letter to Agriculture Secretary, Sonny Perdue, urging him to prioritize relief to cranberry growers while tariffs are still in place, as the Department has done for other producers.
BREAKING- Kimberly Clark facility in #Neenah will remain
I had a great time touring and speaking with the residents of Felician Village in #Manitowoc about ways Congress can lower health care costs, while protecting Medicare and Social Security.
It was a picturesque Wisconsin day at Metals in #Newton, where this local business showed me how they recycle metal scraps.
I recently signed a letter to HHS Sec. Alex Azar, thanking him for canceling an order of $16,000 worth of “fresh” human fetal tissue, and urging the department to give up fetal tissue research on both moral and pragmatic grounds.
Today is the 227th anniversary of the Bill of Rights. We are so lucky that our founding fathers had the brilliance, courage and foresight to craft a constitution that would protect the people from government, not the other way around.
I morally disagree with using fetal tissue for stem cell research. This week, three experts made it clear that fetal tissue is NOT the best way to research the secrets of stem cells.Read more here:
A #Sheboygan native who’s improved every team he’s played on.To answer the headline in this article to Washington, @Dekker.
RT @SBAList: I sometimes wonder when it comes to politicians who are always pushing fetal tissue. They’re so invested in abortion, and they…
I was able to talk #Packers during a recent interview!#GoPackGo
Congrats to my friend, @RepGallagher. His hard work has resulted in these important sanctions passing the House and Senate w/ bipartisan support.
I have introduced a bill that would encourage immigrants to come to America and be producing members of society, instead of living off the welfare system.Read more here:
It was too nice of a day today to stay inside!
I questioned officials about backdoor spending during a @GOPoversight hearing this weekRead more about the hearing here:
Merry Christmas to the brave men and women keeping our country safe overseas! And thanks to @RedCross for getting these letters to our troops.
Worker earnings growth is at 3.2%, the highest level since 2010, and is far outpacing inflation. #Facts
Chag Sameach! Tonight is the last night of Hannukuah and I hope that everyone who celebrated had a joyous holiday!
I am a firm believer that milk is a key component of keeping kids healthy. I applaud @POTUS for giving power back to parents and teachers.
“Wages and salaries rose 3.1 percent in the third quarter, the biggest increase in a decade”
Please remember the American Patriots who lost their lives in #PearlHarbor on this day in 1941.
I enjoyed speaking at the @vonBriesen annual legislative update about the ways I am working in Congress to scale back regulations, lower health care costs and increase economic opportunities for future generations.
