ICYMI- I have met with these families, base leadership and the Secretary of the Air Force about these concerns. I will not rest until these families have safe living conditions and improved protections under the law.
Today, the DOL released the Feb. Jobs Report, which shows the U.S. economy remains strong. Wages rose by more than they have in a decade, and unemployment dropped to 3.8%. We must continue to support pro-growth policies that benefit all Americans.
RT @RoslynRN: The Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act with @RepGusBilirakis #CHDAdvocacy #chdawareness #1in100 @ACHA_Heart @PCHA_C…
RT @bexacosta: Thank you @RepGusBilirakis for your dedication to Heart Families around the country! Your championing of CHFA, along with th…
The Burn Pit Registry Enhancement Act passed this week with my support. While I am glad we are continuing to improve the registry, we must do more to ensure Veterans exposed to toxic burn pits get the help they need. Congressman Ruiz and I are refiling our legislation to do that.
It was honor to speak with patients and advocates at the annual Congenital Heart Legislative Conference this week. We celebrated our shared success including passage of my bill, the Congenital Heart Defect Reauthorization Act, which provides hope to patients and their families.
The Center for Effective Lawmaking ranked me as Florida’s most effective legislator, and the 39th overall most effective GOP lawmaker in the U.S. House for the 115th Congress. I am humbled by this recognition. I'm a workhorse, not a show horse.
Unemployment is at record low levels.  If you or someone you know is seeking employment, you are invited to attend my Career Expo and Employment Fair. It will be held today at 3:00 p.m. in Tarpon Springs. We have over 30 employers with openings who are participating. Good luck!
I’ve called for a full investigation into this situation and will fight to make sure those who have engaged in wrong-doing are held accountable. If you live in my district and have been impacted by this, please contact my office at 727-232-2921 for help. 
I look forward to building upon the work we have already done to help Veterans in this new role.
@cheart17 Please call and speak to Summer Robertson, my Deputy Chief of Staff 727-232-2921 so I can look into this.  Thank you!
@travel_be We are working with the Administration, as they do not need new legislation, just a correct interpretation of the law we already passed.  I will update as we receive news.
RT @MSHO1985: A huge thank you to @repbenraylujan @RepGusBilirakis for working in a bipartisan way to reintroduce the CLINICAL TREATMENT…
@kimrienhardt @HouseVetAffairs @DrPhilRoe @DrNealDunnFL2 @RepJimBanks @Rep_Watkins @RepAmata @RepBost @RepAndyBarr @RepMeuser @realDonaldTrump Absolutely.  I am also working to try to convince the VA not to appeal the Court's recent decision.
@haidee_eugenio My account is not set up for that.  Please contact my office at 727-232-2921 and my staff will get the information to me.  Thanks!
RT @HouseVetAffairs: At today’s Republican organization meeting, members spoke of their eagerness to serve on behalf of veterans. Ranking M…
I was proud to help secure $100,000 in federal funding for Pasco County Schools' School Based Health Center.  The funds will be used to improve the physical and mental health of students and families in Holiday. When kids' primary needs are met, they are better able to learn.
This week’s ruling in federal court regarding Blue Water Navy Veterans is an important step forward, as it recognizes it was never the intent of Congress to exclude these Veterans.  The VA shouldn't prolong the suffering of these heroes by
Encouraged to read @USRepKCastor and @CharlieCrist willing to negotiate end to govt shutdown. I invite them to join me for lunch meeting to strategize way forward #bipartisanlunch #greekfood
These committee assignments and leadership post will allow me to continue working on many pressing issues facing my constituents and community.  I look forward to building upon the success I have already achieved during my tenure in
I voted in favor of measures that formally reject hateful expressions of intolerance. We must learn from the mistakes of our nation’s painful past and focus on what unites us as a people by creating a solid foundation of prosperity and equality for all. Never room for bigotry.
@RGdyk @mlr285 Working with DOD currently to fix.
RT @Cyrena_D: A special thank you to both @RepGusBilirakis and our @ALZIMPACT ambassador @Maria61187273 for always making the time to advoc…
RT @OrderOfAHEPA: The AHEPA Family enjoyed participating at events in celebration of Epiphany in Tarpon Springs, Fla., including AHEPA Chap…
I was glad to provide a brief legislative update to the Board of Trustees of the Upper Tampa Bay Chamber of Commerce this morning.  We discussed the regulatory and tax burden on small businesses, as well as, steps that can be taken to ensure they are able to keep creating jobs.
This week the President signed a bill I co-sponsored, THE BOLD Act, into law. This legislation creates a public health infrastructure to address the needs of patients and families battling Alzheimer’s disease. A special thanks to @Cyrena_D and @Maria61187273 for their efforts.
@knowmorepasco January is Human Trafficking Awareness month.  We must work together to end this dehumanizing crime.
@jimmykimmel  I know this is an issue that is near and dear to your family.  The Congenital Heart Futures Act was just signed into law.  Better research = better cures.  This is good news for all CHD patients.
President Trump just signed my Congenital Heart Futures Act into law. This is the 26th bill I've authored which has become law since 2015. Click below to watch me speak about this life-saving legislation on the House Floor. 
This bill will save lives.
Thank you, Amy.  I'm thrilled we were able to get this bill across the finish line.  I truly believe it will save lives.
@Cyrena_D @HouseFloor You've been a wonderful partner in getting this bill across the finish line.  Good work.  Thank YOU for your continued support of the patients and families battling this terrible disease.
I was honored to speak on the House Floor.  As you know, this is a very personal fight for me. I am very glad this bill is now headed to the President to become law.  It is critical. 
@Maria61187273 Maria, I was able to confirm today that we are making progress on getting the bill over the finish line. I will keep working on it until we get it done!
Thank you Maria for being such a tireless champion in the fight against Alzheimer's
RT @PeruAlz: Thank you @RepGusBilirakis for your support of the #BOLDAlzheimersAct investing in a public health infrastructure to combat th…
@RareCandace That is my hope too, Candace.  I will keep fighting for patients like you!
ICYMI- Nothing can bring back my constituent, Carrie Dempsey, who died in this tragedy—but we can and must work together to address gaps in safety precautions and prevent future loss of life.
National security is too important to be used as a political football. Border security is essential to national security and we need to fund the Department of Homeland Security at a level necessary to protect all Americans.
Congratulations to my constituent, Catherine Tomasello, creator of an award winning video designed to raise awareness about the need to protect intellectual property through the patent process. Her video is both engaging and educational.
Today, we honor the memory of those brave men and women who lost their lives during the attack on Pearl Harbor. We must never forget their service and sacrifice – truly the Greatest Generation!
New reports show that U.S. consumer spending and personal incomes continued to rise last month, which is yet another indication that our economy is headed in the right direction.  
I was happy to vote for final passage of the Action for Dental Health Act of 2018, which I co-sponsored. This important bill improves oral health education and dental disease prevention while reducing the use of the emergency room to treat dental pain.
I was proud to vote for the Strengthening Healthcare Fraud Prevention Task Force Act, which passed the House. Recently, my bill to increase the civil and criminal penalties for Medicare/Medicaid fraud became law. Fighting fraud helps ensure the sustainability of these programs.
Florida has been ranked as the best state for broadband deployment by a new RStreet report. This shows how our state will lead the development of next generation Internet services which will bring additional jobs, revenue, and amenities to our area.
NFIP is set to expire on Friday. Many of my constituents rely on this program, and it is vital to both our local economy and housing market. Last year, the House passed a bill to reform and extend NFIP, but the Senate has not yet taken action.  I urge them to do so ASAP!
@PascoCounty_FL This week I joined many of my constituents in voicing my continued strong support of the Ridge Road Extension project.  This is just the latest in my ongoing efforts to advance this important public safety priority.  
I enjoyed speaking to students in the AVID program at Martinez Middle School this week. These bright young leaders had great questions about the process of applying to a Military Service Academy, and about my role as their elected representative.  #investinfuturegenerations #AVID
I enjoyed visiting North Tampa Behavioral Health in Wesley Chapel.  It is one of the local providers of mental health and substance abuse treatment in our community.  We discussed additional needs that exist as we remove barriers to accessing treatment.  #fightaddiction
RT @jamie1217: Thank you to Congressman Bilirakis for taking time out of your schedule to speak to our AVID class yesterday. We greatly app…
Yesterday's bill signing ceremony marked the 25th initiative I have written to become law since 2015. These laws may not be the flashiest, headline-grabbing initiatives, but they are improving the lives of millions of Americans.  #25 #bipartisan #results
It was great to be present as our comprehensive opioid abuse prevention bill was signed into law today.  This new law, which contains 2 provisions I authored, will save lives.
It was an honor to speak at the One Community Now Veterans' Stand Down in Pasco.  I helped secure $2.1 million for local programs working to end homelessness in the Veteran community.  I will continue to fight until all Veterans have a place to call home.   #22 #Veteran
ICYMI-I will keep working to ensure seniors have access to medically necessary dental care. It is not only the right thing to do, but is a sound financial decision. 
Thank you, @RealDonaldTrump for your effective leadership promoting religious freedom in Turkey. As Co-Chair of the Religious Freedom caucus,  I'm grateful that you issued sanctions due to this injustice the day after we spoke about it. #trueleadership 
ICYMI- With more than 54,000 veterans calling Pasco home, our community has outgrown the current VA West Pasco Outpatient Clinic. I have fought tirelessly for a larger, state-of-the-art facility and look forward to its opening. 
As I travelled throughout the district today, I talked with business owners and residents being impacted by flooding. Down by the sponge docks, the flooding is already pretty bad. I am working to secure federal funding to help address this problem.
I was proud to join this bipartisan, bicameral initiative to ensure that all federal agencies are working together to keep our kids
RT @dan_biles: #PascoProud Appreciate the visit from @BrendanCarrFCC and @RepGusBilirakis to see our outstanding @pasco_911 team. Great…
A special thanks to FCC Commissioner Carr for joining me at our top notch 911 call center in Pasco.  Sheriff Nocco, Administrator Biles and the entire Pasco emergency operations/first responder team do an excellent job.  It was great to showcase their effort #Pascoproud
RT @BrendanCarrFCC: Thank you to Congressman @RepGusBilirakis for your leadership on public safety emergency communications. And thank yo…

I am proud to announce the new location of the consolidated West Pasco VA clinic, which was just selected by the VA today. I secured $11 million for this enhanced new facility, which will be more than double the current clinic’s size, offer more parking and expanded services
I was proud to help secure these funds for the people of Pasco.  We have to ensure access to quality treatment for those suffering from addiction.  We can't arrest our way out of this problem.  Also, we're cracking down on those seeking to exploit their suffering for profit.
It was inspiring to celebrate the unveiling of the new forever homes for the Donaldson and Sneed families in Dunedin.  This special day was made possible by the partnership of Habitat for Humanity, the Pinball Clemons Foundation  and the Warrick Dunn Charities foundation.
It is my pleasure.  This is important work.
On World Alzheimer’s Day, I authored a column imploring my colleagues to join me in support of the Building Our Largest Dementia (BOLD) Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act (S. 2076 / H.R. 4256).   It is vital to get this public policy signed into law.
@mlr285 Obviously that was my intention w the legislation.  I'm working on this.
@mlr285 I'm working on that. Obviously that was my intention with the legislation.
@Vets911 I work daily on issues impacting Veterans including expediting appeals and expanding mental health  resources.  If there is a specific issue you are interested in or if you are having an individual problem with the VA, contact my office and I will see how I can help.
I congratulate President Jimmy  Morales and the people of Guatemala as they celebrate the country’s 197th anniversary of independence and strong sovereignty.
RT @TB_Times: Bucs-Saints report card: What a way to start the season
@SteveScalise Halfway through and my odds are looking good.  Hope you have the Gumbo ready! #GoBucs!
@mannandhisdog This is an official Congressional Twitter account, therefore it would be inappropriate to engage in campaign activities or discussions through this avenue.
@OpenCarryMag I am working on that.  Clearly, that was not the legislative intent.
@TBbuccaneers @Saints
@ermizmo1 Already on top of it.  It was my first order of business when I returned to DC this week.  I wont quit until this injustice is fixed.
Football-fueled Feud Creates Rivalry Among Key Republican Leaders @SteveScalise @TheBucsWire @TBbuccaneers
I am concerned that Twitter has been used to facilitate threats of school violence. I appreciate its CEO’s willingness to explore improvements and  timely communication directly with schools in the future. 
Today is International Overdose Awareness Day.  Did you know that the majority of people in Pasco county who overdose are over the age of 65? I'd like to remind you to speak with your physician about overdose prevention if you are taking pain medication.
RT @USFHealth: On Aug. 24, #USFHealth Neuroscience Institute leaders accompanied U.S. @RepGusBilirakis on a tour of research laboratories i…
During a Pasco County Opioid Workshop, local, state and federal leaders had a solution-oriented discussion.   I shared the work I’ve been doing in Congress to increase funding (FL received $54 million last year and we just passed $4 billion more) and strengthen systems of care.
@CongressmanRuiz - I too am honored to be working with you on this important issues.  Your medical and public health expertise will undoubtedly serve as an asset as we work to garner bipartisan support for this bill.  Thank you!
I am proud of the success we are having in reducing the price of Rx drugs, and will continue to work on this important issue.
I will never stop fighting on behalf of these constituents and all of our nation’s heroes.
It was a privilege to be invited to join local and state leaders for an open forum at Beacon Woods Civic Center last night. We had a great talk about a variety of topics including: the cost of Rx drugs, the importance of Medicare and Social Security and my work for Veterans.
@oldtiredfeminis @oldtiredfeminis   My content of my legislation passed as part of a larger legislative package (HR  2430), through an amendment.   This is a common part of the legislative process.
@oldtiredfeminis My legislation was amended and passed as part of a larger package (H.R. 2430).   This is a normal part of the legislative process.
ICYMI- This article notes the recent progress we have made in making sure that Veterans receive the care and benefits they deserve.  I will never stop fighting on their behalf.  
ICYMI- This article discusses the financial impact that school districts are experiencing as they try to comply with the mandate for campus security, and how my bill could help alleviate those concerns.
ICYMI- Too often we have seen the price of lifesaving medication skyrocket due to bad actors taking advantage of monopolies in the market. The dramatic spike in cost for medications, like the EpiPen, prompted me to push for these critical reforms. 
This heroism highlights the importance of having an SRO in all schools.  My bill, the PROTECT KIDS Act, provides a matching grant to help fund these vital positions without diverting money that should be going to the classroom.
ICYMI- I'm glad we were able to help this Veteran. I'm fortunate to have an amazing team working daily to help advocate for my constituents. If you're having problem with a federal agency, please contact my office to see if we can help. 
Honored to be on hand for a smooth start to the school year at Paul R. Smith Middle School. I had the privilege of talking to Cpl. Mills and Principal DiVincent about the role SROs play in providing school security, mentorship and the prevention of bullying and substance abuse.
I am proud my SPACE-A legislation has been signed into law as part of the NDAA. It allows Veterans with a 100% service-connected disability to use a benefit to travel on military aircraft when there is extra space onboard.  It is the 8th of my bills to become law this Congress.
@VoteTammyGarcia @FLDEMVETS @VoteTammyGarcia...I'd be happy to speak to your group of Veterans.  Please contact my scheduler, Dan Paasch at 727-232-2921.
A big thank you, Mr. President, for listening to my concerns and taking action against the lack of religious freedom in Turkey. @realdonaldtrump 
@VoteTammyGarcia @FLDEMVETS Please contact Dan in my office 727-232-2921.
@arkangyle @ntbchamber There are multiple indicators that our economy is doing very well because of tax reform.  Here is a link to a compilation of articles that highlight recent successes, including: increased GDP, more jobs, higher wages, and greater consumer confidence. 
As students head back to school, I’d like to thank our teachers and staff for the positive impact they will have on our children.  Also grateful to school resource officers who ensure students stay safe.  My bill will help fund these critical positions.
I received the Spirit of Enterprise award by the U.S. Chamber. The Chamber highlighted my work on tax reform and other measures to create an environment in which small businesses can thrive. I am proud to support small businesses because they employ the majority of Americans.
It was great to provide a legislative update to the North Tampa Bay Chamber this week. We discussed many issues, including: my work on behalf of Veterans, the positive impact tax reform is having on our economy, school safety and the need for more bi-partisanship in Congress.
Sick people should never be held hostage so a pharmaceutical company can increase its’ profits. I am thrilled that my legislative efforts have resulted in this breakthrough! But there is more to be done.  I will keep fighting to reduce costs of Rx drugs.
It is great to see my work to reduce the price of Rx drugs is already starting to pay off. 
The rising cost of Rx drugs has created a real hardship for most Americans.  I sponsored a bill, recently signed into law, to lower the cost of generic drugs. Today, the FDA announced the new law is already working, as the first drug was just approved.
Today, we honor the heroes who courageously served our nation and earned the oldest United States military decoration for combat-wounded Veterans. On National Purple Heart Day, we are united in gratitude, and reminded that the freedoms we cherish come with great sacrifice.
ICYMI- As co-Chairman of the Caucus for the Humane Bond, I’m proud to once again co-sponsor this legislation which prohibits people from knowingly transporting, possessing, buying, selling, or donating a dog or cat to be slaughtered for human consumption.
I applaud the President’s decision to re-impose sanctions against Iran, a known bad actor on the international stage and state sponsor of terrorism. I've consistently supported sanctions against Iran and other hostile countries, like Russia and N. Korea.
Meet Freddy, the newest member of the Bilirakis family.  He comes to us via the Suncoast Animal League. As co-Chair of the Caucus for the Humane Bond, I know the important role animals play in our lives. We must promote this unique bond in a way that benefits people and animals.
Here's more good news about how the work we are doing to boost the economy is helping Americans.  157k jobs added in July, with the unemployment rate slipping to 3.9%, and hourly earnings continuing to rise. The year-over-year gain in earnings is
ICYMI- I am disappointed by the commentary offered by the VA official in this article. It shows a complete lack of understanding for the plight of those exposed to burn pit toxins, and for the injustice  Blue Water Navy Veterans suffer. 
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump Delivers Remarks on Workforce Development
ICYMI-More positive news about the economy, with workers seeing their biggest pay raises in nearly a decade.  I will continue to support pro-growth policies that foster an environment in which all Americans can prosper. 
The Department of Commerce just announced that the U.S. economy grew by 4.1 percent in the second quarter of 2018.  As noted in this article, the tax cuts we recently passed were likely a contributing factor in this economic success. 
Right on target with this, Mr. President.
Erdoğan’s recent derogatory comments against Israel were despicable and hypocritical. While Israel embraces freedom and tolerance in a turbulent region, his regime deals in the currency of oppression, intolerance and violence.
I’m working to ensure that individual tax cuts become permanent.  In the interim, this chart shows how the existing tax cut law is helping my constituents now and over the next 10 years.
ICYMI- My op-ed discussing the importance of Brand USA reauthorization was recently featured in a national publication. 
This year marks the 44th anniversary of the illegal occupation of Turkish troops in Cyprus, a strong U.S. ally.  I call on Turkey to remove its occupying force, cease its inflammatory rhetoric, normalize relations with the Republic of Cyprus, and commit to peaceful coexistence.
The economy is booming thanks to our efforts to foster a climate of innovation and growth. #betteroffnow
#Armenian #Genocide documentary @IntentToDestroy (about making of @thepromisefilm) will be screened as part of Smithsonian Folklife Festival's Cultures of Survival program Thurs July 5, 6:30 pm Landmark E Str Cinema, 555 11th St NW, Wash
ICYMI- I was glad to have secured language in the spending bill which passed the House that will designate $1 million to coordinate research efforts between the Dept. of Defense and VA regarding the harmful effects of exposure to burn pit toxins.
@ermizmo1 It has been my honor. I will keep up the fight until it is signed into law.
RT @SSNAlerts: .@SenWarren, @JohnBoozman champion @RepGusBilirakis' bill making sure student veterans not penalized by colleges, universiti…
I am proud the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act passed the House this week. This fix is long overdue, as these Veterans have suffered far too long. I will continue to keep up the fight until the President signs this critical bill into law.  
If you are a Veteran or a friend or family member of a Veteran, I’d love for you to participate in our 12th Annual Veterans’ Resource Fair.  It is a wonderful way to connect with services that are available in our community.
RT @RepWebster: Thank you @RealDonaldTrump for signing the #VAMissionAct! With a pro-veteran partner in the White House, we’re delivering o…
June is Alzheimer’s Awareness month. Like millions of Americans, this devastating disease has personally impacted my family. I am proud of the work we’ve done through the 21st Century Cures Act and the most recent budget to facilitate more research into causes and treatments.
ICYMI:  I will always continue to fight to help seniors by strengthening Medicare. 
Last night, I was honored to host one of my favorite events of the year, my annual reception to honor local students who received my nomination and subsequent appointment to a United States Military Academy. Congratulations and good luck to these bright young people!
This week, we recognize the important role that law enforcement officers play in our communities as we celebrate National Police Week.   I am proud to stand behind our first responders and thank them for their courage, service and sacrifice.
These stories, and so many more like them from neighbors in our own community, inspire me to keep fighting for prevention and improved access to treatment for those with addiction issues. 
My thoughts and prayers are with the Kilpatrick family. As promised, I will continue to honor Lonnie’s last request by working diligently to ensure that Veterans, like him, receive the benefits to which they are entitled.  May his memory be eternal!
Today, my SITREP bill was voted favorably out of committee. It ensures Veterans won't be penalized when their school receives a late payment from the VA when processing their GI benefits.
Today, we advanced legislation that made significant improvements to the Choice program, empowering Veterans with the opportunity to seek private care within their community when the VA is unable to meet their needs in a timely manner.
I have fought tirelessly for Blue Water Navy Veterans to receive presumptive status for Agent Orange exposure. They've  been unfairly excluded, which has caused great hardship for them and their families. Today, we advanced legislation to finally take this long over-due step.
RT @pateltimes: Thank you @FCC Chairman @AjitPaiFCC @RepGusBilirakis for speaking to @IndoUSTampa Community leaders today @TheCentreClub!…
I am proud to be ranked as the most bipartisan member of the Tampa Bay Legislative delegation, according to new rankings compiled by Georgetown University.  My ranking of 77th out of the House’s 435 members reflects my commitment to good governance.
I know this funds will help local Veterans, and I was proud to fight for our community to receive them. 
ICYMI- My bill is a common sense approach that will fix this problem for our
ICYMI- I am proud of my efforts to improve the transition process for our Veterans.
RT @CGCanMiami: Plaisir de vous revoir @RepGusBilirakis et de continuer notre discussion sur les relations #Canada-Floride, sur la défense…
It was great to meet with staff and board members of Withlachoochee River Electric Cooperative (WREC) this week.  We discussed a variety of federal issues and the importance of ensuring that cooperatives are able to keep utility costs low for customers.
@KirbyWTweets @Clarece71 Kirby, this is not the case I referenced during the hearing.  However, it is something I am looking into.
RT @SeminoleEC: More meetings yesterday afternoon as Seminole and its Members met with @RepGusBilirakis and @RepDeSantis to discuss electri…
RT @oncologyCOA: We are Advocates for the Care! Thank you @RepGusBilirakis for taking time out of your afternoon to hear our concerns on #P…
RT @KirbyWTweets: Full story: I compiled the full transcripts of @KathyCastorFL and @RepGusBilirakis questioning Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerbe…
Consumers have the right to expect that their personally identifiable information is protected and companies with whom they have entered into an agreement of use honor the terms.  I've been troubled by reports of Facebook not upholding its responsibility.
My bill, the SIT-REP Act, passed favorably out of the Veterans Affairs Economic Opportunity Subcommittee today.  This important bill will ensure Veterans are not penalized for bureaucratic delays that may occur when they access their GI benefits in order to pursue an education.
ICYMI- This editorial discusses the importance of my bi-partisan government reform initiative with Congresswoman Castor to restore public trust in the political process.
April is Autism Awareness month. The federal government reports that 1 in 68 children have some form of autism, making it one of the fastest-growing developmental disorders in the U.S. We must continue to fund research at the National Institute of Health to determine the cause.
RT @AmSrAlliance: Florida’s @RepGusBilirakis fight to end Medicare fraud paying off for seniors as new Medicare cards roll out. He @USRep…
RT @BenCarterFL: @RepGusBilirakis and @USRepKCastor taking action thanks to @TB_Times investigative reporting. This is the right move and i…
ICYMI- I look forward to building upon my strong record of bipartisan success with this measure to stop abuse and restore public trust.  
RT @therealablakeh: thank you @RepCurbelo for signing on to the @RepGusBilirakis - Green FY2019 Appropriations Letter supporting the effort…
RT @therealablakeh: thank you @RosLehtinen for signing on to the @RepGusBilirakis - Green FY2019 Appropriations Letter supporting the effor…
@ermizmo1 Michael, I do understand that time is of the essence and that you have already waited far too long. I will keep pushing.  It is at the top of my list every time we meet to discuss priorities.
ICYMI- I will never stop fighting to protect seniors by strengthening and preserving Medicare. 
@ermizmo1 It certainly is still very much on my priority list. I've been assured there will be movement on the bill, and I will continue to apply pressure.
Ronald Reagan said you can accomplish great things if you don’t care who gets the credit.  Today’s announcement by CMS that it is finally taking action on a measure I have been championing since 2013 to protect seniors is a perfect example of this truth.
ICYMI- I’m proud to have been successful in working with state and federal officials to ensure funding for the dredging of the Anclote River.  It will help with public safety, economic development and flooding relief.  
I really enjoyed my visit to Volunteer Way in Pasco County today.  This organization, spearheaded by founder Lester Cyphers, is doing truly amazing work to stretch limited resources and feed the hungry in our community.
Today,  I joined the leadership of the Energy and Commerce Committee in fighting for better protection of our seniors in nursing homes.  To learn more about our efforts, click on the link below.
RT @Monica_Rousseau: Standing room only at the @ASAP_Pasco meeting. Great  great discussion w/Rep @RepGusBilirakis about #CARA 2.0
It was great to kick off  Coffee with Your Congressman town hall series at Edgewater Arms Condos in Dunedin this past Saturday. As part of this initiative, I bring coffee and donuts on a Saturday morning to interested groups around my district to talk about what's on their minds.

This article highlights the unmet need in our community and my efforts to solve the problem. 
RT @AmericanLegion: Our @jbrkam: “This bill would require schools to adopt policies that disallow them from imposing late fees or other pen…
Happy Greek Independence Day!
RT @mikeofcc: Very pleased @HouseCommerce will examine draft bill to enact stiff penalties new @FCC tools to fight pirate radio. Many tha…
RT @MyPooka: @therealablakeh @RepGusBilirakis @CHISouthFlorida And thank you for your continued support and leadership, @RepGusBilirakis!
RT @therealablakeh: Thanks Rep. @RepGusBilirakis for meeting with @CHISouthFlorida and FACHC. It’s clear you and your staff #valueCHCs #NAC…
RT @peter100percent: Thank you @RepGusBilirakis for meeting with us today to discuss healthcare for #cysticfibrosis @CF_Foundation Very muc…
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of this tragedy at FIU and their families as first responders work to rescue those who remain trapped.    
Today, the House passed an important measure I co-sponsored, the STOP School Violence Act. This bipartisan bill authorizes funding for training, technology, equipment, threat assessment and crisis intervention teams to improve school safety.
RT @PascoGovAffairs: Congratulations @RepGusBilirakis on receiving the Moffitt Momentum Award. #PascoProud @MoffittNews
RT @PascoGovAffairs: Always a pleasure meeting with Congressman @RepGusBilirakis. Thank you for all you do for #PascoCounty.
I applaud the Department of Justice’s move to hold those who lie on their application to purchase a firearm accountable for their crime.   I  co-sponsored HR 4471, so state authorities are also notified and can pursue enhanced criminal charges.
Our economy continues to grow, adding 313,000 jobs in the month of February.  According to experts, this growth is largely attributed to passage of tax reform.  I look forward to continuing to create jobs and foster economic prosperity for all  Americans.
RT @PCHA_CHD: Great Op-Ed by #CHD Champion @RepGusBilirakis! Support legislation that will improve care for people with Congenital Heart Di…
I agree with @BrendanCarrFCC, "the country that leads in 5G will be the one that moves quickly to modernize its regulations." That is why I introduced HRes. 687, to express the importance of streamlined permitting policies. I look forward to the FCC's order to lead by example.
A bill I cosponsored, the Action for Dental Health Act, passed the House yesterday.  This important legislation ensures the continuation of initiatives to improve oral health education and dental disease prevention.  Oral health is an essential part of overall wellness.
@ermizmo1 I'm very sorry to hear of Ed's passing.  Fighting for Blue Water Navy Veterans continues to be a priority for me.  I agree it is an injustice that must be rectified immediately.
RT @PinellasCoNews: We thank @RepGusBilirakis, @RepCharlieCrist, Shahra Anderson (@SenBillNelson's  office), and Jonathan Torres (@marcorub…
@Skip1p4me This bill is still a priority for me and something I continue to work on.
RT @buckeyedoc: 2 heart warriors. @RepGusBilirakis for championing the Congenital Heart Reauthorization Act and our very own Ryan Moore for…
RT @Misty_SharpeTN: Thank you Congressman @RepGusBilirakis for spending time with us this morning and for your efforts in getting the CHFRA…
RT @ACHA_Heart: @RepGusBilirakis, thank you for meeting with us this morning and for your leadership in the House! #CHDAdvocacy #ACHAontheH…
My bill, the Congenital Heart Futures Reauthorization Act, passed the House last night.  I am passionate about the need to invest in continued research to assist the millions of Americans living with Congenital Heart Disease (CHD). 
I was happy to join Congressman Crist and representatives from Senators Rubio and Nelson's offices at the Pinellas County federal delegation meeting. We reviewed the county's priorities and discussed ways we can we work together to benefit our community.
It was great to partner with Google and bring an interactive computer coding program to students at Oldsmar Elementary today.  We want to give kids the skills to create technology, not just consume it.
If you are looking for a job, come join us today!
@Maria61187273 Thank YOU for your advocacy and passion for such a great cause!  Keep up the great work.  Together we will make a difference.
RT @JeffSolochek: .@RepGusBilirakis calls added resource officers for @pascoschools a “no brainer”
ICYMI- I am grateful for the Superintendent and Board's input, which helps me know where to direct my efforts as we work to ensure that all children are kept safe at school.
ICYMI- I recently joined a bi-partisan group of lawmakers to introduce legislation that expands Veterans’ access to community health centers, which provide comprehensive health care services (including primary care, dental and mental health).  
Today, I was honored to meet with my good friends from Hillsborough Community College.  They do a wonderful job preparing students for meeting the demands of our local workforce, and I look forward to working with them and continuing to support that mission.
It was an honor to be invited to speak to our future leaders at Westlake Christian School in Palm Harbor this morning.  These bright young children had a terrific grasp of their civic responsibility.  It is obvious their teachers and parents are doing a great job!
ICYMI- I was proud to have 2 important bills to help seniors and one bill to preserve high quality healthcare for over 25 million Americans signed into law last week. 
My initiative to permanently eliminate the annual limit on per patient therapy expenditures in Medicare became law.  Previously services such as physical, occupational or speech therapy were capped at $2,010 per year.  I delivered on my promise to fight for seniors.
