Congratulations to Holly Grove Middle School (@HollyGroveMS) for being selected as a #SamsungSolve 2019 national finalist! STEM skills are key in the 21st century economy, so it is encouraging and exciting to see schools focus on this critical skill set.
.@WSJ: “It’s clearer than ever that business investment has rescued the U.S. economy by shifting into a higher gear. Tax reform and deregulation, take a
Both these measures will make the communities we live in safer. That's what matters - not over-heated Washington politics. Once again, instead of taking action on critical issues, Congress is playing games at the expense of our citizens.
Here's why I voted against the Democrats' resolution: Securing our border means less illegal drugs coming into our country, and it also means fewer criminals will come into our country by crossing the border illegally.
RT @RepKevinBrady: Taxpayers in high-tax states deserve better:- 7 of 8 states people most want to leave.- 7 states w/worst infrastructur…
RT @ECA_AS: Happy to meet with @RepHolding and University President Dr. J. Bradley Creed at @campbelledu. Together we are expanding #virtua…
I enjoyed visiting Southern Lithoplate in Youngsville yesterday afternoon. Thanks for having me!
The “compromise” bill increases spending includes several nonsensical provisions that could potentially threaten public safety. Not to mention the fact that we were given less than 24 hours to read a 1169-page bill. This is just typical Washington politics I can’t support it.
I strongly condemn the heinous terror attacks in India and am sending my heartfelt prayers to all those impacted.  The United States stands with the good people of India and the Indian government in our collective effort to end violent extremism and terrorism.
Today, I proudly voted to denounce condemn antisemitism at home abroad. There is no place in our society, or in any society, for this hateful poisonous ideology. The American ppl stand united in our unequivocal support for the Jewish people our close friend ally Israel.
Lucy and I send our heartfelt prayers and deepest condolences to his wife Joe Anne, his daughter Ashley, and the entire Jones family during this difficult time.
Tonight, America has lost a faithful servant and I've lost a good friend and colleague. For nearly a quarter of a century, Walter Jones served his country and the people of North Carolina with steadfast dedication, conviction, and integrity.
Lucy and I are sending our heartfelt prayers to @RepDebDingell and the entire Dingell family. John Dingell dedicated his life to public service and he will be dearly missed.
But much work remains to be done. As we look towards the future, I urge Republicans and Democrats alike to lay down their arms, stop the political grandstanding and work together to build a safer and more prosperous America. #SOTU
Thanks to the progress we have made over the past two years, the state of our union is strong. Fueled by tax reform and deregulation, our economy has come roaring back to life, creating new jobs and opportunities for millions of Americans. #SOTU
The U.S. economy is still roaring. 304,000 new jobs added in January, nearly twice as many as expected. #JobsReport
If this shutdown has shown us one thing, it is that we need Congressional #termlimits. And we need them now.
RT @corey_friedman: Editorial in @TheWilsonTimes: @RepHolding @SenThomTillis deserve credit for sponsoring term limit amendments, but Con…
RT @JohnstonianNews: .@RepHolding introduces term limits amendment #ncpol
“Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.”Today, we honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. His tireless pursuit of equality and justice transformed our nation and will continue to inspire generations to come.
It’s long past time for #termlimits in Congress. Term Limits will break the gridlock, end Washington politics-as-usual, and help restore government accountability. We need citizen legislators not career politicians. Do you
Today, I introduced a Constitutional amendment imposing #termlimits on Congress. Term limits will end politics-as-usual in Washington help fix D.C.'s broken culture.  It’s time for elected officials to start making a difference, not a career. 
White supremacy is a hateful and racist ideology that has absolutely no place in our society. Period.
Please join me in saying a prayer for the State Trooper shot in the line of duty tonight.
My thoughts are with Officer C.D. Ainsworth, his family and the entire Raleigh police force. Praying for a full and speedy recovery.I am so thankful for the unwavering courage sacrifice of our law enforcement personnel who put their lives on the line to protect us.
Praying for the @raleighpolice officer shot in the line of duty this evening.
This #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay, please join me in thanking the men and women who put their lives on the line every day to keep our families and communities safe.
"People who had given up on finding work are realizing that there are jobs to be had and returning to the labor market. Others who had been working part-time are getting full-time jobs."Last month the economy created 312,000 jobs. Tax cuts
Great economic news to start the new year! The U.S. economy added 312K jobs in December vs. 176K expected.
This partial #shutdown epitomizes the worst of Washington. The politicians in Congress are more interested in scoring political points than rolling up their sleeves and getting to work. Too much politics, too little common sense.
Wishing you and your loved ones a happy and prosperous 2019!
From my family to yours, Merry Christmas!
I will not be accepting any pay for the duration of the government shutdown.
The House just passed my Hurricane Florence Tax Relief Act, providing much needed relief for all the North Carolinians rebuilding their homes, businesses, and livelihoods in the wake of this historic natural disaster!Learn more &gt;&gt;
The final version of the Farm Bill epitomizes much of what is wrong with Washington. Faced with a significant opportunity to impact real change, Congress took the easy way out and succumbed to the status quo.
The #FarmBill was a rare opportunity to turn the tide in the failed ‘War on Poverty.’ By incentivizing hard work and self-sufficiency, welfare work requirements could have helped millions of Americans escape the cycle of poverty.
If you have to drive somewhere, please make sure to be careful! Lots of snow and ice on the roads.
RT @NWSRaleigh: Road conditions will deteriorate through mid-day across much of the Triangle region and surrounding areas as a band of heav…
Seventy-Seven years ago today, a devastating unprovoked attack took the lives of over 2400 Americans thrust the US into the WWII. Today, we pause to remember those lost at Pearl Harbor honor the members of the Greatest Generation who answered the call to serve. #PearlHarbor
"There is nothing more fulfilling than to serve your country and your fellow citizens and to do it well.” Rest In Peace 41
Here is some news to be thankful for: “North Carolina’s state unemployment rate dropped to 3.6 percent in October, dipping below the national rate" @TriadBizJournal
Today I am thinking about the men and women in uniform serving overseas, far away from their loved ones. God bless them. #HappyThanksgiving
Today we reflect on the many blessings we all enjoy as Americans. Lucy and I wish you a safe, blessed, and happy #HappyThanksgiving!!
Last week, Middlesex Detective Roger Shearin risked his life to save a neighbor trapped in a sinking car. Detective Shearin’s courage and bravery is an inspiration to us
Earlier today, I met with Governor Cooper and my fellow North Carolina lawmakers to discuss Hurricane Florence recovery efforts. We will continue to work together in a bipartisan fashion to ensure those still recovering from the storm receive the support and assistance they need.
Today and everyday, we are eternally grateful for the sacrifices made by all who wear the uniform. #VeteransDay
I am horrified and heartbroken by the vile attack on Tree of Life Synagogue this morning. Anti-semitism will not be tolerated and has no place in our society. We must come together to put an end to such acts of violence and hatred.
The attempted attacks today are reprehensible, cowardly and anti-American. There is absolutely no place for political violence in our democracy. I am thankful no one was hurt and applaud law enforcement personnel and first responders for their bravery and swift response.
Our economy keeps getting better and better!@USAToday: Economy added 134,000 jobs in September; unemployment falls to nearly 50-year
After two years of unjust imprisonment in Turkey, North Carolina Pastor Andrew Brunson is finally coming home a free man. I am immensely thankful to President Trump, Secretary Pompeo and my colleagues in Congress for their efforts to secure Pastor Brunson’s release.
RT @NWSRaleigh: Flash Flood Warning including Fayetteville NC, Clayton NC, Hope Mills NC until 7:30 PM EDT
RT @NWSRaleigh: A tornado watch has been issued for parts of North Carolina and Virginia until 9 PM EDT
Tropical storm #Michael is currently bearing down on North Carolina. While this storm won’t be as bad as Florence, it will bring flash flooding, heavy rains and potentially even tornadoes. Make sure to stay alert and be careful over the next 24 hours.
RT @WRAL: Breaking News: Several central NC counties, including Cumberland, Johnston, Harnett and Moore, are under a flash flood warning #w…
RT @WLOS_13: NEW: Gov. Roy Cooper declares state of emergency for parts of North Carolina ahead of Hurricane Michael
Lucy and I send our prayers and deepest condolences to the family of Sgt. James Allen Slape who made the ultimate sacrifice for our country in Afghanistan on Thursday.
The unemployment rate fell to 3.7% in September. The last time unemployment was this low Neil Armstrong walked on the moon, the Beatles released Abbey Road, and Sesame Street made its debut. Thanks to the tax cuts and our pro-growth policies, America’s economy is booming!
RT @SteveScalise: Spent today in North Carolina with @RepDavidRouzer and @RepHolding learning more about the ongoing #HurricaneFlorence rec…
I recently joined @SpecNewsRDU to discuss my new bill providing tax relief to individuals and businesses impacted by Hurricane Florence. @KevinFreyTVLearn more here:
Today, the House voted to provide $1.68 billion in Hurricane Florence disaster relief to North and South Carolina. Hurricane #Florence devastated the our state which is why I’ll continue working to ensure additional disaster relief is made available to those who need it.
Last week I introduced a bill providing tax relief to the victims of Hurricane #Florence. My bill is a great first step in our recovery efforts that will lessen the tax burden on Carolinians so they can rebuild get back on their feet. @mydailyrecordnc
Although the storm has passed, we aren’t out of the woods just yet. In a conference call earlier this morning, FEMA informed me that the Cape Fear River is still rising and will crest sometime tomorrow evening. Please stay alert for flash floods throughout the weekend. #Florence
RT @newsobserver: #Florence victims may get tax
Today, I introduced a bill to deliver critical tax relief to individuals businesses impacted by Hurricane #Florence. It will enable Carolinians to use more of their money to recover, rebuild, and get back on their feet. @MurphinDC @RepDavidRouzer
This morning, I participated in a briefing with President Trump focused on disaster recovery and relief efforts at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point. @realDonaldTrump #Florence
RT @RepHolding: For veterans, the VA established a 24/7 support hotline: ️Veteran Hurricane Hotline: 1-800-507-4571️Employee Disaster H…
RT @RepHolding: A major disaster deceleration has been declared in @HarnettCounty. You can check apply for assistance at
Today, I met with several local farmers to discuss Hurricane #Florence impact on their livelihoods. There are numerous disaster assistance programs for farmers administered by the FDA. I look forward to working with these folks to ensure they receive the assistance they need.
Visited Harnett County to survey the damage from Hurricane Florence. We are going to ensure that FEMA has enough money to assist with the recovery. But ultimately it is going to take months and years. #Florence #Harnett @WRAL
Today, I visited Harnett county to attend a briefing and assess the damage. The scenes of destruction – the debris, downed trees catastrophic flooding – are tough to grasp. I am immensely grateful to Sheriff Coats, and all of the local officials and first responders. #Florence
RT @wralweather: A Flood Warning has been issued for Alamance, Chatham, Harnett, Orange, and Wake counties.  #ncwx…
Thank you for your help!
A major disaster deceleration has been declared in @HarnettCounty. You can check apply for assistance at or by calling 1-800-621-FEMA #Florence
While the rain may be on its way out, this is not yet over. Rivers are continuing to rise and we have more catastrophic flooding on the way. #Florence @FoxNews
Thank you @NCNationalGuard! Keep up the good work!
RT @NWSRaleigh: 650 am... Current River Flood Warnings in central NC (2/2)Haw River at:Bynum – in Flood rising Haw River –near Flood…
This weekend, I joined @CNN to give an update on Hurricane #Florence. Click below to watch.
RT @VP: You make us proud @82ndABNDiv! Keep up the hard work.
RT @WakeGOV: There are currently 277 guests at our Garner Magnet High School shelter. Our team is working to make this stressful time a lit…
RT @NWSRaleigh: Flash Flood Warning continues for Fayetteville NC, Goldsboro NC, Clayton NC until 2:30 PM EDT
RT @NWSRaleigh: The Neuse River at Smithfield #NCwx has entered into Moderate Flood Stage, and is expected to crest in this stage tonight.…
RT @femaregion4: Listen to your local officials and only return when they say it is safe to do so. #Florence #FlorenceNC
RT @NCEmergency: Need a pharmacy? You can find open pharmacies across the state using Healthcare Ready's interactive map.
RT @NHC_Atlantic: 9/15 5 PM EDT: Here are the Key Messages for Tropical Storm #Florence. Life-threatening flash flooding and river flooding…
RT @WRALAimee: Details on the Neuse River at Smithfield: Currently at 15.3' and expected to crest at 19.4' on Sunday #wral
RT @WRAL: New story: As Florence ebbs, inland waters will continue to rise across North Carolina #wral
RT @HarnettCounty: Roads are increasingly  hazardous. We are trying to look after the safety and well-being of Harnett County citizens. Kee…
RT @RyBrez: We’re driving through Dunn right now and we’re seeing flooding on either side of the road on 242. A lot of water starting to cr…
RT @HarnettCounty: We have received numerous calls regarding a curfew for Harnett County. Harnett County Emergency Services strongly reques…
RT @RepRichHudson: *IMPORTANT FLOOD SAFETY TIPS* ️If trapped in a building, go to the highest floor.️DO NOT climb into a closed attic;…
RT @NCEmergency: Around 2,800 NC National Guard soldiers activated (some still on standby), along with federal, state and local partners to…
RT @NCEmergency: Due to prolonged, heavy rainfall, flooding is likely across portions of NC. For the current river forecasts potential im…
Harnett County has announced a mandatory evacuation along the Lower Little River near the Cumberland County line. If you live in the area, please leave ASAP! Very serious flooding is expected. #Florence
RT @wunc: North Carolina's Harnett County has declared a mandatory evacuation along a river that's expected to rise to more than 17 feet ab…
RT @PatrickMcHenry: As #HurricaneFlorence approaches our area, some helpful safety tips via @NWS--&gt; #FlorenceNC #NC10
A few hours ago, I called into @FoxBusiness to give an update on Hurricane #Florence. We are still in the early stages of the storm and conditions will continue to worsen through the evening and into the day tomorrow.
RT @NCEmergency: Use these resources to get help or more info. For emergencies, call 911. To receive info on shelters, evacuations storm…
This morning, Sheriff Donnie Harrison and I visited the Wake County Emergency Operations Center for a briefing on #Florence prep and response efforts. Thank you to everyone working around the clock to keep North Carolinians safe.
RT @ncdhhs: If you are affected by flooding from #FlorenceNC, read these important tips on staying safe. Learn what to do:
RT @FayettevillePD: Numerous areas are currently without power. We have officers at and en route to numerous intersections to direct traffi…
RT @RepRichHudson: *IMPORTANT FLOOD SAFETY TIPS* ️If trapped in a building, go to the highest floor.️DO NOT climb into a closed attic;…
For veterans, the VA established a 24/7 support hotline: ️Veteran Hurricane Hotline: 1-800-507-4571️Employee Disaster Hotline: 1-866-233-0152️VBA Hotline: 1-800-827-1000️Pharmacy Customer Care: 1- 866-400-1243#HurricanceFlorence
#Florence has made landfall. Expect torrential rain, inland flooding, and high winds that will collectively cause power outages and widespread tree damage. Make sure to download the ReadyNC and FEMA apps for real time updates
You now can text FLORENCE to 898-211 to access updates and resources before, during and after Hurricane Florence (during disasters, sending text messages is usually more reliable and faster than making phone calls because phone lines tend to get overloaded). #Florence
After stopping by the Duke Energy Storm Center I joined @TeamCavuto on @FoxBusiness to provide an update on Hurricane #Florence. My message: take this storm seriously! It poses an inland flooding threat of historic proportions will impact the entire state, not just the coast.
RT @WakeGOV: Wake County is opening additional #HurricaneFlorence shelters. Heritage High School opened at 1 p.m. Middle Creek High School…
RT @NCEmergency: Don't forget these sources for your #HurricaneFlorence updates: - (includes helpful links, shelte…
RT @weatherchannel: Put simply, Florence is a "Category 5 #flood threat."
I just visited the North Carolina Emergency Operations Center in Raleigh for an update on #FlorenceNC. There is an impressive, highly coordinated response effort underway. Stay safe and please be prepared!
RT @USDAFoodSafety: Keep your food safe during a power outage to avoid foodborne illness. Key tips to remember  1. Keep fridge freezer…
RT @NWSWPC: Life-threatening, catastrophic flash flooding and prolonged significant  river flooding is likely over the Carolinas and the so…
Although Hurricane #Florence has shifted slightly south, the 2nd district is still facing an imminent threat. There will be torrential rain, flooding and high winds. Please ensure you and your family are
RT @TheWilsonTimes: Op-ed from @RepHolding: Tax cuts have our economy roaring #ncpol
RT @WaysandMeansGOP: "Ronald Reagan once remarked, 'whenever we lower the tax rates, our entire nation is better off.'"Check out @RepHoldi…
RT @NWS: We cannot stress this enough: #Florence poses a very serious threat to people who live far away from the coast. Heavy long-lasti…
RT @NCEmergency: Tues morn #FlorenceNC update:* Get ready NOW! * Life-threatening impacts possible* Dangerous storm surge Thurs-Sun. 3-1…
#FlorenceNC Download the ReadyNC app for the latest traffic, shelters and flood gauge information. For those who don't have access to the app, please visit, . You can also call 2-1-1 for shelters, food assistance and storm recovery help as well.
RT @NHC_Atlantic: The earliest reasonable time that tropical-storm-force winds could arrive in the United States from #Florence is late Wed…
BE ADVISED: Hurricane #Florence is on a path directly towards the North Carolina coast. Start taking precautions NOW!ReadyNC has a list of preparatory steps that should be followed:
We will never forget the thousands of lives lost on this day 17 years ago and the heroic bravery displayed by all the first responders.
For statewide updates on #FlorenceNC, follow @NCEmergency, @femaregion4. For hurricane safety and preparedness tips, follow @RedCross, @RedCrossENC. For power outages, monitor @DukeEnergy for updates. 
RT @NCEmergency: Latest #FlorenceNC update: - Florence has rapidly strengthened throughout the day is expected to continue building over…
#Florence is developing into a major hurricane and is expected to continue to strengthen.  As we are in the direct path of the storm, preparation is key! • Plan ahead get your emergency kit together • Download the ReadyNC app for
RT @NHC_Atlantic: NEW: Florence is now a category 4 hurricane. Data from a NOAA Hurricane Hunter indicate that Florence has continued to ra…
"American wages unexpectedly climbed in August by the most since the recession ended in 2009 and hiring rose by more than forecast" • 201,000 jobs added in August• Earnings jumped by 2.9%• Unemployment holds at 3.9%#JobsReport #TaxReformWorks
Tax cuts and pro-growth economic policies work. America’s economy is rock solid with the unemployment rate at historic lows, job openings at record highs, and economic optimism on the rise.
Lucy and I join millions of Americans in mourning the loss of John McCain, a true American hero who embodied the greatest ideals of our nation. Thank you for your lifetime of service, John. You will truly be missed.
God Bless John McCain and his family.
I spent some time yesterday at N.C. State's Center for Additive Manufacturing and Logistics, as well as the College of Agriculture -- both are doing great things for North Carolina. Thank you for having me!
The senseless murder of Mollie Tibbetts is heartbreaking. As the father of four, I can't begin to imagine what her parents are going through. May God bring Mollie's family and friends peace, comfort and strength during this difficult time.
I had a great time visiting local farmers yesterday morning and then seeing all the great things Campbell University is doing with their new Schools of Engineering and Medicine. Thank you for having me!
RT @Campbell_Engr: So pleased to be able to host @RepHolding at @Campbell_Engr today!
I am thrilled to welcome Amazon to Garner. Their new distribution plant will be a boon for the town and the county. It will create 1,500 new jobs, attract millions of dollars in investments and help local
Thank you to Wake Tech, Kenly 95 Petro, and Parksite for letting me visit yesterday!
I was honored to receive the 2018 Visionary Award from the American Academy of Ophthalmology this week. You can be sure I’ll continue to help preserve patient access to quality medical eye care.
Thanks to the Winston-Salem Regional VA for hosting veterans and their families this week at the Dunn Veterans Experience Action Center. Great turnout!
REMINDER: Veterans and their families with questions about claims and benefits are invited to join the Winston-Salem Regional VA at the Dunn Veterans Experience Action Center (205 Jackson Rd., Dunn, NC 28334), July 25-27 from 8:30am to 3pm. Details below:
Workfare will help millions break the cycle of poverty and build better
Veterans and their families with questions about claims and benefits are invited to join the Winston-Salem Regional VA at the Dunn Veterans Experience Action Center (205 Jackson Rd., Dunn, NC 28334), July 25-27 from 8:30am to 3pm. Details below:
Russia has never been an ally of the United States. And the House Intelligence Committee, as well as Dan Coats, President Trump’s Director of National Intelligence, reported they meddled in the 2016 election. We should hold Russia accountable.
Wishing everyone a safe and happy 4th of
Yesterday, I was pleased to receive the Guardian of Seniors’ Rights award from the 60 Plus Association. You can be sure I’ll continue fighting for our nation’s seniors.
Last week, the House passed the SUPPORT Act to help address the opioid crisis. I helped author a section of that bill to ensure Medicare beneficiaries have coverage for the most effective form of treatment for opioid addiction.
74 years ago, more than 156,000 Allied troops stormed the beaches of Normandy. D-Day should never be
This Memorial Day, we remember all the men and women who sacrificed defending our country.
Yesterday, the Ways and Means Committee advanced the Medicare and Opioid Safe Treatment Act. Medicare beneficiaries have among the highest and fastest growing rate of opioid use...
Reforming our welfare programs and strengthening workfare requirements will help millions break the cycle of poverty and build better
Medicare beneficiaries have among the highest and fastest growing rate of opioid use disorder. I recently introduced a bill to help Medicare recipients get access to the most effective form of
Yesterday afternoon, I sent a letter to the chairman of the Agriculture Committee urging him to consider strengthening workfare requirements in the upcoming Farm Bill. Reforming our welfare programs will help millions break the cycle of poverty and build better lives.
Happy Easter!
I support the expulsion of Russian diplomats. Russia must be held accountable for its actions. We must stand with our
Our national deficit last year was $665 billion and the national debt just passed $21 trillion. It's time to cut government spending – today’s $1.3 trillion omnibus bill increased government spending. I voted against
The Congressional U.K. Caucus, which I Co-Chair, sent a letter to Prime Minister May supporting her efforts to respond to the recent chemical attacks in Britain. Those attacks were likely ordered by the Russian government. The U.K. is our closest ally and has our full support.
I recently introduced a bill to help treat people on Medicare battling opioid addiction. Medicare beneficiaries have the highest and fastest growing rate of opioid addiction, but they don’t currently have coverage for the most effective form of
Lucy and I were saddened to learn Rev. Billy Graham passed away this morning. His leadership -- and integrity -- were respected around the world. The millions of people he reached will never forget him.
I ran for Congress to ‘Cut, Cut, Cut Spending.’ This morning’s budget vote was politics as usual — spending more money we don’t have. I voted against it.
Tonight's State of the Union address highlighted all that's been done this past year to keep our country safe and help improve our economy...
RT @WSJ: Drugmaker Pfizer plans to pay a tax of $15 billion on overseas profits over the next eight years
Today we remember Dr. King's legacy.
Merry Christmas! Wishing everyone a blessed holiday season. This photo of the White House Christmas tree was taken in 1934.
The House voted to reform our tax system this afternoon. Cutting taxes will grow our economy and ensure the United States is on a level playing field with the rest of the world.
Honoring longtime congressional employee Alice McCall
Seventy-six years ago today, the United States was attacked at Pearl Harbor. We must never forget the thousands of American causalities lost December 7, 1941 – "a date which will live in infamy."
This Thanksgiving, I’m thankful for all the men and women serving overseas who are unable to be with their families. Thank you for protecting our freedom and Happy Thanksgiving.
This afternoon the House voted to reform our tax system. Our goal is to grow our economy and ensure that businesses of all sizes have the capital necessary to hire more employees, grow their operations, and finally give American workers the raise they deserve.
On this Veterans Day, I'm grateful so many risked their lives to protect our freedom. Thank you for your service...
Today the Ways and Means Committee voted to reform our tax code for the first time in over 30 years. Cutting taxes will grow our economy, ensuring the United States is on a level playing field with the rest of the world.
RT @WaysandMeansGOP: WATCH → We've been traveling districts and getting a glimpse into how tax reform will help Americans across the nation…
The House voted this morning to expand sanctions on Iran to stop their ballistic missile program. Yesterday, ...
I met some great folks last week in the district. Thank you for having me!
My prayers are with all of the victims and their families this morning in Las Vegas. Our first responders deserve thanks.
The House passed a bill today aimed at keeping illegal immigrant gang members out of the United States ...
Please join me in remembering those who lost their lives on September 11, 2001. We must never forget.
RT @NCEmergency: Sunday key takeaways #IrmaNC: heavy rains/gusty winds/localized flash flooding/isolated tornadoes; expect impacts Mon., ta…
RT @NWS: UPDATED (8am EDT) track for Irma. The forecast cone still covers most of Florida with this morning's update and is still a major h…
RT @NCEmergency: #IrmaNC track shifts west; track errors at 4 days are almost 200 miles, 2 early 2 pinpoint exact track, impact #ncwx
RT @NCEmergency: Uncertainty remains re: path of #IrmaNC, but we must be #ReadyNC for possibility of trop storm conditions across NC early…
Thank you to everyone who hosted me last week in the district! ...
I had a great time last week touring facilities and meeting with folks in the district! ...
Praying for all of those hurt in Charlottesville. All Americans must come together against racism and hatred ...
I'm committed to creating a simplified tax code that lowers the tax rate for hard-working Americans ...
RT @RepKevinBrady: Important for Senate GOP to stay at table. #obamacare is collapsing. Regardless we are moving forward on bold #taxreform…
According to the National Human Trafficking Hotline, North Carolina ranks among the top ten states across ...
In 2015, Kate Steinle was murdered in San Francisco by an illegal immigrant who had been deported multiple times...
Wishing everyone a safe and happy Independence Day!
Prayers are with @SteveScalise and everyone injured this morning in Alexandria, thanks to the @CapitolPolice for the job they do every day
Congratulations to former intern Kyle Anthony for receiving the Senior Medallion Award at UNC-W!
73 years ago today, more than 160,000 allied troops landed on the beaches of Normandy to liberate Europe. Their sacrifice is not forgotten.
This is the third major terrorist attack in Great Britain in the last three months ...
Please join me in remembering and honoring those who sacrificed their lives in service to our country this Memorial Day.
The U.S. stands ready to assist the U.K. and bring those responsible for this heinous terrorist attack to justice.
.@WaysandMeansGOP will be looking at how to make the United States more competitive with the rest of the world today at 10AM.
My family extends our prayers to the victims of this senseless act in Manchester. The U.S. stands absolute with the U.K.
.@WaysandMeansGOP will be discussing our plan to reform the tax code this morning.
My thoughts and prayers are with Sen. Thom Tillis and his family this morning.
Special thanks to my wife Lucy on this Mother's Day for being such a wonderful mother to our four children.
.@WaysandMeansGOP will discuss our pro-growth tax reform plan next Thursday
Congratulations to 10th grader Jessie from Clayton, my 2017 Congressional Art Competition winner! 
Had a great time yesterday travelling around Harnett County!
Curbing North Korea's missile and nuclear program is paramount to national security ...
