This Monday, our office will be in Rensselaer hosting mobile office hours at the Jasper County Library from 1:00PM (CT) - 4:00PM (CT). We would be happy to visit with you.
Enjoyed the Ag Day Breakfast in Putnam County this morning. It’s essential that we continue to educate and promote the importance of agriculture in our communities.
The 2019 Congressional Art Competition is now accepting submissions. We are excited to have high school students from across the district participate and display their artistic talent. The deadline to submit artwork is Wednesday, May
Our office will be holding mobile office hours in several locations during March. If you need assistance with a federal agency or would like to share an opinion, we encourage you to visit
Today, I had the honor to visit with the @VFWHQ from Indiana. Thank you for your hard work toward protecting and supporting our fellow #Veterans.
Tomorrow in the board room of the West Lafayette Public Library from 12:00PM (ET) until 4:00PM (ET), Congressman Jim Baird’s community liaison will be available to help with constituent services and answer questions. Stop by and say hello.
It's been a great week representing Hoosiers from the 4th District. I spoke with the AgriInstitute Leadership Program and met with several constituents and businesses from the district. Here are just a few pictures from the week.
Informative visit with 1st Lt. John A. Keiper and the @IndianaCAP , which included the Rensselaer Cadet Squadron from our district! Thanks for spending time with us and sharing how you are positively impacting your communities.
Today, in the Agriculture Committee, we're hearing from Secretary Perdue with an update on the "State of the Rural Economy" and how the USDA is working as a resource to farmers and rural communities.
The application process to intern in DC or IN is now available. This is a great opportunity to gain work experience in a congressional office and learn firsthand about constituent services and the legislative process. Click the link below to
Thank you to the Danville Rotary for allowing me to spend the lunch hour giving an update on our efforts to represent Hoosiers in Congress. It’s always a pleasure to visit with fellow Rotarians!
This afternoon, I met with farmers from all across our district to talk about the issues important to them. We spent a lot of time discussing infrastructure, trade and biofuels. #INCoffeeChat
I’m a proud co-sponsor of H.R. 962, the Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. This would make it illegal to kill babies born alive after surviving an attempted abortion. Protecting the sanctity of life is something I will always fight for.
Great to spend time with acting Secretary Bernhardt, who recently was nominated to lead the Department of Interior. We discussed conservation and how Interior policies impact agriculture.
Hendricks County Sheriff Brett Clark, among fellow Indiana Sheriff Association leadership, stopped by the office to talk about public safety and their communities.
Today was our first Agriculture Committee meeting. Fellow Freshman Members, @repdustyjohnson and @RepHagedorn joined me for a quick picture. I'm looking forward to working with them and fellow committee members.
RT @secsindy: Thanks to @RepJimBaird and his staff for a great meeting on skills! @INInstitute @SkillsCoalition @EmployIndy @IndyLISC @Kent…
Recently I visited with the Alliance of Indiana Rural Water. We discussed what they're doing in Indiana to help maintain access to clean and safe water resources.
RT @housesciencegop: Welcome Freshman @RepJimBaird as the Ranking Member on the Subcommittee on Research and Technology
Great to be with fellow #Boilermakers today at the @PurdueAg Fish Fry! I look forward to this event every year.
Today, our district team visited with Dr. Gary Friedman and his dental staff as they participated in Give Kids A Smile Day. More than 6,000 dentists across the Country set aside February 1st to provide free dental care to children who may not have access to dental services.
Spoke with Hoosier Ag Today about my new committee assignments and how I plan to represent Hoosier agriculture. Check it
Yesterday, I visited with representatives from the American Trucking Association. As the Crossroads of America, it’s important we know about the successes and challenges in their industry.
Fellow Hoosiers, here are some good tips to help you stay safe during the frigid temperatures this week.
Made a quick stop yesterday at Kokomo Opalescent Glass. They’ve been in business since 1888. Thanks to Jeff for showing us around.
Happy to spend the afternoon visiting with the Greater Kokomo Chamber of Commerce at their Legislative Luncheon.
RT @HouseScience: We’d like to welcome the Science Committee’s new and returning Members! Click below to see who will be joining us in the…
"It’s an honor to have the opportunity to represent Hoosiers on committees that have such a direct impact on our way of life. From research and innovation, to our tremendous ability to help feed the globe, Indiana is at the
Thank you Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. for your bravery and leadership. A lasting legacy that we are forever grateful for. #MLKDay
Thank you to the thousands today, who participated in the #MarchforLife. I am proud to have signed a letter this week urging our President to veto any legislation that undermines the protection of the unborn.
Yesterday, I visited with @kaitlin_lange of the @indystar to discuss the first few weeks in Washington and how excited our team is to serve fellow Hoosiers in the 4th Congressional District.
It's an honor to serve Indiana's 4th Congressional District. Give us a follow to stay updated!
