We cannot fail the cops, EMTs, firefighters, volunteers and survivors who served and protected us when we needed it most. I am urging all of my colleagues to pass the Never Forget the Heroes Act and fully fund the VCF
I'm proud to take bipartisan steps to further strengthen this bill, increase the transparency of our electoral process, and drive undisclosed money out of politics.
This is the first use of the “Break the Gridlock” rules reform we helped lead to encourage more bipartisan governing.
Our bipartisan legislation, led by the Problem Solver Caucus, will help drive corruption, dark money, and foreign influence out of our
RT @ADLMidwest: "The dual loyalty canard is one of the more common and most pernicious attacks used to discredit 'the other.'"Thank you @…
The House passed #HR1 to strengthen our democracy and help root out corruption and dark, undisclosed money in our politics. The bill includes a bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus amendment to get foreign money out of our elections, thanks to our "Break the Gridlock" rules reforms
The accusation of dual loyalty is hurtful and dangerous, and it has no place in our debates over foreign policy. My colleagues @RepSchneider @RepElaineLuria and I wrote this op-ed for @CNN to explain
I condemn the racist and anti-Semitic messages found at Dwight-Englewood. There is no place for hate in our schools and communities.
RT @JGreenblattADL: A thread on the controversy around @IlhanMN’s comments: The problem isn’t that she criticized Israeli policies. The pro…
I spoke with Roger Gengaro and Gerald Sheard about their work with our veterans and how we can support all those who serve and who have served.
Our veterans are at the heart of our community here in North Jersey and the American Legion does so much to make sure they are taken care of.
It is time for the House to act and reiterate that anti-Semitism, like all forms of hate, has no place in our public
New Jersey leads the world in life sciences and biotech. I had the opportunity, along with @RepSherrill and @CongressmanJVD , to hear from leaders in the industry about what businesses like them need to grow and thrive here in our state.
Leaving the first responders who had our backs on 9/11 out in the cold is simply unacceptable. They did their job, now it’s time to do ours. We must pass the Never Forget the Heroes Act now.
Appreciated the chance to sit down this week in DC with the leadership from the @NJFOP to talk about how Congress can make sure we always have the backs of those who put their lives on the line to have our backs every day.
Though our work is not yet complete, the sacrifices made in Selma that day paved the way for so many Americans to seize on that sense of hope and fight to realize a more perfect union.
"Be bold. Be optimistic. Never lose that sense of hope." Wise words from a living legend and someone I am honored to call my colleague, @RepJohnLewis. On this anniversary of Bloody Sunday, let us remember those who shed blood in pursuit of the right to vote.
I’ve heard from law enforcement and groups including @MomsDemand, as well as parents and students in my own community with their personal stories about how background checks save lives.
That’s why I was proud this week to support HR 8, to require background checks, and why I voted to close the gun show and Charleston loopholes.
Ninety-two percent of Americans support background checks for gun purchases — to help stop criminals, terrorists, and those with mental illnesses from buying weapons. There can be no exceptions when it comes to the safety of our families and children.
I agree. This ugly attack is dangerous and wrong. We cannot allow such hatred to infect our politics.
House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman @RepEliotEngel on Representative Omar’s comments
Had a great time Wednesday talking about the future of infrastructure and tech with @ceciliakang, @anthonyfoxx, @SiemensUS_CEO and @SectransVA. Transportation projects like Gateway and others will be critical to our future economic development in New Jersey and in the country.
New Jersey has so much to offer -- we're already home to sixteen of the fastest growing tech companies in the world. @Malinowski @congressmanJVD and I sent this letter to make the case for the Garden State being @Amazon's second home.
Democrats and Republicans agree that there is a separation of powers. The Constitution is clear about Congress's authority and responsibilities -- no President of either party should be able to govern by National Emergency.
If the tunnels between NY and NJ fail, the national economy would lose $16 billion over a four-year span-equivalent to the loss of 132,000 jobs, 33,000 jobs a year. @RepPeteKing and I want to know what the plan is if that happens - we cannot afford to sit and wait for a disaster.
That's why @RepPeteKing and I want to know what the Administration plans to do if that happens so we introduced legislation to find out exactly that. What is the 'Doomsday plan'?
The century old tunnels that connect NY and NJ carry 200,000 passengers and 20% of the nation's GDP every day. If those tunnels were to fail, it'd be nothing short of a disaster.
Voting is the bedrock of our democracy. So many who came before us bled and died for the right to vote and it is incumbent upon us to protect the right to vote and engage as many people in the democratic process as we can.
I met with advocates earlier this week to talk about the bipartisan legislation I will be introducing to fully fund the Orphan Disease Research Tax Credit.
Today is Rare Disease Day where we recognize the need for more awareness and research funding for the millions of people who suffer from rare diseases.
I asked the CEOs of the major credit rating companies — Equifax, TransUnion, and Experian North America— about what they are doing to make sure we are all protected and notified when if our personal information is ever compromised, like we saw with Equifax last year.
People deserve to know when their credit information has been compromised or jeopardized. Your credit score can affect your opportunity to buy a house, a car, or make a major life change.
I plan to continue working with local officials and members of the community at every step to hold all parties accountable.
The agreement to finally do further testing at the Vernon Waste Mountain is the result of local officials and the community coming together and standing up for clean air and water for our children and our families.
I brought together leaders from our community to talk about how to protect our sacred right to vote here in New Jersey and around the country. Voting is the fundamental way we can all engage with the political process and make meaningful change in our communities.
Thank you to everyone who came out to the Hampton Diner on Friday for our 34th "Cup of Joe with Josh" Town Hall! I really appreciate the opportunity to talk to the people I represent and engage in a conversation about the issues.
Saw Jersey native Jon Stewart on the Hill today! Together, we are fighting to make sure that every 9/11 first responder gets the health care they deserve. We should always get their backs! Congress must fullly fund and extend the VCF. #Renew911VCF
Extremely grateful for the work that @momsdemand is doing in our community to keep our families and our schools safe. Gun violence has no place in our towns and I will continue to work with both sides to pass commonsense gun safety legislation.
That's why I am cosponsoring Congressman Castro's resolution.
National emergencies are no way to govern, and, we can’t afford to take resources from the Pentagon and programs vital to protecting our service members and our national security. Congress has a clearly delineated Constitutional role.
... potential remediation, compensation for residents, and a detailed plan to address any ongoing health risks to families.
If the next phase of testing on the waste mountain in Vernon confirms these initial results, we will need a clear timetable for core testing,
This is a first step and I plan to continue working with local officials and members of the community at every step to hold all parties accountable.
I am so proud the work that Mayor Shortway, local officials and @VernonPAID have done in Vernon to fight for clean air and water for our community.
RT @NJTVNews: State takes legal action against owner of 'waste mountain' in Sussex County @RepJoshG
The safety of our skies and preventing the type of attacks we suffered on 9/11 should be a priority for all our elected officials. Proud to work with @repbrianfitz @repandrecarson and @reppeteking on this critical, bipartisan legislation
I'll be at the Hampton Diner in Newton at 3 p.m. tomorrow for another "Cup of Joe with Josh" Town Hall. Hope to see you there!
We can't play fast and loose with our children's safety on the school bus.
"Officials say Byrd's driver's license was revoked between the years of 1996 and 2006." I'm working so hard to pass Miranda's Law because we have a right to know who is driving our children to and from school.
Our businesses and our veterans are the backbone of our community and we need to do everything we can to support them. Thank you also to Assemblyman Johnson for showing your support as well.
Yesterday, #TeamGottheimer attended the Small Business Development Center Veterans Procurement Resource Expo. The Expo is a way to connect veteran business owners with government agencies about the resources available to them to grow their businesses of all size.
We can all agree that there is zero tolerance for hate-filled, racist language in our community
I’m deeply concerned about what’s been reported at Wallkill Valley Regional High School, and I’m glad the superintendent has ordered an immediate, independent, and thorough investigation.
This legislation from @repbrianfitz @repandrecarson @reppeteking and I is a common sense, bipartisan way to protect our skies from terrorists and take every step we can to prevent another attack like we saw on 9/11.
... and making sure those students are set up for success in the future.
Last week, I was able to sit down with the New Jersey Council for Community Colleges president Dr. Aaron Fletcher and representatives from @WarrenCountyCC and @pccc_edu to talk about to increasing access to higher education for NJ students ...
I’ll be discussing the future of America’s infrastructure and NJ’s critical need for projects like the Gateway Tunnel with @SecretaryFoxx, @SiemensUS_CEO, and Shannon Valentine at the @TimesTalk moderated by @CeciliaKang on Feb. 27.
I hope you'll join me for my next "Cup of Joe with Josh" Town Hall at the Hampton Diner in Newton on Friday, February 22 at 3:00pm!
In this case, the President has overreached — and is doing so for unacceptable political reasons.  Democrats and Republicans agree: We all need to do more to protect our borders, but the President needs to work with us, not just take unilateral action.
National emergencies are no way to govern, and, worse, we can’t afford to take resources from the Pentagon and programs vital to protecting our service members and our national security. Congress has a clearly delineated Constitutional role and so does the President.
... and I know how hard the small business owners in my District work to make ends meet for their families, too. We need to give them every chance to grow and thrive possible to catalyze our economy.
In my first term, I was privileged to work with some of the incredible small businesses here in North Jersey. Growing up, my parents owned a small business and I saw how hard they worked to make sure that business could succeed...
It’s a good start and I am going to continue to work with mayors, first responders, schools, and nonprofits to make sure we are closing back our dollars from Washington into our communities.
One area we’ve been able to improve on in my first term is clawing back more of our federal tax dollars back to New Jersey to help keep our property taxes down. Since I took office, we are up 16% in federal tax dollars coming back into our district -- that’s $290 per household.
The GW bridge is the worst bottleneck in the country. With so many commuters from North Jersey working in New York City, it is just one more reason we must fully fund the Gateway Project.
It's completely unacceptable that America would abandon those that protected us in our darkest hour. We have a solemn duty to care for every single person, like Det. Zadroga, who was called to duty after 9/11. I will fight to fully fund and extend the
Through bipartisan compromise and common sense, we have avoided another senseless government shutdown and supported national priorities, including protections against homegrown, Lone Wolf terror and the Gateway Project, that will help keep New Jersey safe.
New Jersey has so many incredible people and businesses and assets. We need to do everything we can to get out of our own way and allow families and businesses of all sizes to
Bringing people together to work hard to do right by the American people is how I got legislation passed to help our veterans get the care they need at the VA, make our rails safer and more efficient, and more.
In my #StateOfTheDistrict Address, I once again called on both sides to come to the table and work together to get to a solution.
I was horrified by the terrorist attack in Jammu and Kashmir - the deadliest attack on Indian forces in the region in decades. We stand with our ally India in combating violent extremism and condemning terrorist groups like
MSNJ President Dr. John Poole and Speaker Dr. Nancy Mueller do a great job looking out for doctors and patients in Bergen County and we’re lucky to have them working to make our community safer and healthier.
This week in Washington, I met with the Medical Society of New Jersey @MSNJ1766 to talk about how to protect and improve the Affordable Care Act.
... and making sure we know who is driving our children to and from school, making New Jersey a national leader in school bus safety.
... safe going to and from school. In  New Jersey, Assemblyman Tully, Assemblywoman Swain, and Senator Lagana were able to pass measures requiring lap and shoulder seat belts...
The bus crash in Paramus where Miranda Vargas was tragically killed last year exposed glaring holes in how we vet our bus drivers and how we keep our children safe on the bus. In Congress, I worked with Joevanny Vargas, Miranda’s father, on two bills to help keep our children...
As I reflect on my first term for my State of the District speech, the work we’ve done to make sure our children are safe on the school bus is some of the work I am most proud of.
Making sure our children have clean air and water is at the top of every parent's mind. These types of health risks are unacceptable and we must demand better.
The residents of Vernon deserve to know the water they drink and the air they breathe is safe for their families and their children. All we want is for testing to be done to make sure our children and families are
One year ago, we lost 17 students at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in yet another senseless act of gun violence No parent should send their kid off to school and have to wonder if they’re coming back. We have to do better for our
Hey @JeffBezos, we'd still love to have you and @Amazon right across the river here in New Jersey. Let me know — we're always ready to sit down and talk about all that Jersey has to offer.
Today, I’ll be delivering hundreds of Valentine’s Day cards made by students across North Jersey to our veterans to thank them for their service.
It was truly moving talking to students who, even at a young age, understand the sacrifices our military, our veterans, and their families make in defense of our freedoms and our democracy.
We need to make it easier for families and businesses to stay here, grow here, and thrive here. That starts with cutting taxes and red tape, and turning our infrastructure from a limitation to a catalyst for our economy.
Taking care of those who take care of us -- our active duty service members and our veterans -- is one of the greatest responsibilities I have in Congress. This is just one small way we can help them know that we have their backs and we appreciate their sacrifices for our country
Each year I’ve served in Congress, I have collected Valentine’s Day cards and delivered them to local veterans to thank them for their service.
Congressman Walter Jones was a staunch defender of our men and women in uniform and our veterans, always making sure we had their backs. My deepest condolences are with his family and loved ones in this trying time
That starts with cutting taxes and red tape and investing in our infrastructure
New Jersey is a leader in life sciences, innovation, and so much more. We need to do everything we can to unlock our potential and create good jobs and make living here more affordable.
... and so much more. We can all learn so much from John's legacy about what public service truly means.
My heart is in Michigan today with @RepDebDingell and her family. John Dingell was a giant in Congress and profoundly shaped the country we live in today. His tenacity as an advocate for working people and families led to the Clean Air and Clean Water Acts, Medicare...
Thank you @SpeakerPelosi for speaking out against hatred and anti-Semitism.Rep. @IlhanMN Omar, I appreciate you now acknowledging that the language was hurtful and divisive.
RT @RepElaineLuria: Anti-Semitic rhetoric must be condemned. We must speak up when any Member – Democrat or Republican – perpetuates harmfu…
We must unite around against Anti-Semitism and hateful tropes and and stereotypes. @RepElaineLuria and I wrote to House Democratic Leadership to do exactly that.
We must speak out when any Member -- Democrat or Republican -- uses harmful tropes or stereotypes, levels accusations of dual loyalty, or makes reckless statements like those yesterday.
For nearly two weeks, Rep. @IlhanMN has avoided meeting with me to discuss why anti-Semitic tropes like these are hurtful to so many Americans.  There is absolutely no place for this rhetoric in Congress -- or anywhere.
So proud of the Midland Park senior class for their fundraiser yesterday to raise money for two members of our community who were injured in a December car accident. That's what Jersey Values are all about - having the backs of those who need it the most.
Thank you to all of our teachers, administrators, coaches, staff, and students for helping to make North Jersey such a great place to live.
Great to see 6 Fifth District high schools on this list! Our communities are centered around our great schools that prepare our students to be
Here in Jersey, there are few things we take more seriously than our bagels. I hope everyone is celebrating #NationalBagelDay at their favorite bagel joint!
Honored to spend the afternoon celebrating the Lunar New Year with so many Asian-American community groups from around North Jersey today at Garden State Plaza. Always great to see Freeholder Chair Ortiz and Freeholder Vice Chair Amoroso as well!
This week, I met with five independent colleges and the AICUNJ to talk about small business partnerships, financial aid, and making sure our students' futures are brighter than the window in my DC office!
... spoke briefly before Dr. Melissa Cooper, a professor at Rutgers, Newark who spoke about her book, "The Great Migration.”
#TeamGottheimer joined BCC for the opening ceremony of their Black History Month programming. New BCC Vice President Dr. Brian Agnew and Ronald McKnight, the Director of Multicultural Affairs at BCC ...
All we want in Vernon are the facts. People deserve to know what might be contaminating their air and their water and we won't stop working on this until we get these tests
He is one of the many dedicated local officials I’m honored to work with to try to get our taxes down and claw more of our federal tax dollars back to New Jersey.
It was great to see Hardwick Committeeman Jim Perry last night in Washington! Jim does a great job for Hardwick, working to improve our infrastructure and fight opiates.
RT @RepMullin: Every morning we’re in D.C., a group of bipartisan Members of Congress get together to start our day off building relationsh…
The Leo family is just one of millions battling a rare disease in our country. Only 4% of orphan diseases have approved treatments and I say it's time to change that. We need to fully restore the Orphan Disease Research Tax Credit and invest in hope for families like the Leos.
We need SUEZ to be transparent about what they're doing replace lead pipes and notifying families what they can do to make sure the water we drink is safe for our kids
Last night, Annette Leo was my guest at the #SOTU to highlight the need to fund rare disease research. I am planning to introduce bipartisan legislation to fully restore the Orphan Disease Research Tax Credit to invest in the best researchers in the world right here in America.
... and make health care more affordable. We can only solve problems if we actually work together, not just talk about it.
I’m glad the President stressed bipartisanship and the importance of putting country above partisan politics. But, as ever, the proof will be in the pudding. We must work together to invest in infrastructure, reinstate SALT, stand by our veterans and first responders...
Check out for our bipartisan response to the #SOTU right after the speech!
RT @HackensackUMC: @RepJoshG announced Annette Leo, Closter, NJ as his guest for the #StateOfTheUnion. Annette’s sons have a rare disease
I call on SUEZ to do right by North Jersey families and protect our children's drinking water. Parents have a right to know what their children are drinking.
I am thrilled Mike and Blake can get back to doing the vital work small business owners all over North Jersey do every day to help drive our economy!
Last night, the TTB approved the permits for @alementary in Hackensack, allowing them to move forward with their expansion that was held because of the shutdown.
Proud to work with @USChamber to help encourage members to meet in the middle and work toward common sense, bipartisan approaches to governing. It will take both parties to get infrastructure and immigration reform done.
I sat down with the @NJHerald to talk about the work I am doing in Sussex and Warren counties, including the Vernon waste mountain, the proposed rock wall on I-80 in Knowlton, and more. Check it out
Thank you to the folks at the Ramapo-Bergen Animal Refuge for all the work they do.
People wait all year for the big game, and this year one of the Fifth District's very own took center stage. Congratulations Magnolia and the four other dogs Ramapo-Bergen Animal Refuge in last night's Dog Bowl
New Jersey has 4 players playing in the Super Bowl tonight, including the McCourty’s who went to St. Joe’s Montvale and Chris Hogan from right here in Wyckoff. You'll never catch me rooting for the Patriots but congrats and all I'm sure you’d all look better in blue!
When you see the tunnels up close, you realize just how risky the situation that we are facing is and how dire the situation is. Our visit to through the tunnels this week underscored the need for the Gateway project to be funded and set in motion.
If the tunnels between NJ and NY were to collapse, it would cost the American economy $100 million a day. We literally cannot afford to wait any longer to get the Gateway Project moving.
The New Jersey 2019 Terror Threat Assessment makes two things very clear: we must remain vigilant and we must support our first responders and law enforcement to ensure they have the tools they need to fight terror and keep our communities
I especially appreciate our remarkable @BergenExec and firefighter for being on the scene from moment one to help fight this fire — himself!
The North Jersey community is so lucky to have the best, bravest and finest firefighters, law enforcement, and EMTs who have our backs every single day.
Extremely grateful for the long hours being put in by our first responders to control and extinguish the fire at Marcal Paper Factory.
The 109-year old tunnels that connect New Jersey and New York are vital to one fifth of our economy and to leave them in such disrepair is irresponsible and wrong.
Investment in our infrastructure is one of the most effective ways we can spend taxpayer dollars.
I sent a letter to the White House urging them recognize Israeli control of the Golan Heights. We must take every step we can to ensure Israel’s security in the
Thank you to all the first responders for their courage in the face of the eight-alarm fire at Marcal Paper last night. Fire departments from Fair Lawn, Wyckoff, River Edge, Oradell, Franklin Lakes, and many more rushed into danger last night to help their neighbors.
I am proud the amendment I introduced will guarantee that the 6 million Jews killed during the Holocaust will not be forgotten in the commemoration of World War II. We must never forget the evil that inspired the Holocaust and our duty to root out that evil wherever we see it.
Shutting down the government is no way to govern and I am doing everything I can to prevent this from happening again.
Anyone who does an honest day’s work should get a paycheck. I want to thank all the TSA workers and other government workers who worked through the shutdown for their
Congratulations to my colleague @RepSherrill on joining the House Armed Services Committee where I know she'll work to lower our taxes, look out for our veterans and service members, and protect our Jersey Values.
I will continue to work with both sides until we get to an agreement.
I appreciate everyone coming together in Knowlton to discuss options for the proposed rockwall along I-80. Whether it’s in business or in government, we can’t come to a solution unless we’re talking to each other.
We owe it to all those serving, who have served, and their families to have their backs wherever they’re serving and when they come home.
I am incredibly grateful for the 131 troops from the Hackettstown area for their service to our country and everything it stands for in the 102nd Cavalry Regiment.
As we've long known, after 109 years and a hurricane, these tunnels are crumbling. The Gateway Program is a common sense fix.
Just got out of a tour of the rail tunnels under the Hudson River that connect New Jersey and New York and 1/5th of America's economy.
RT @DrMichaelOren: Thank you House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer and Democrats Eliot Engel and Josh Gottheimer for supporting permanent Israe…
Let us teach future generations about this evil and pledge “Never again.
"For the dead and the living, we must bear witness" - Elie WieselOn this International Holocaust Memorial Day, we remember the 6 million Jews and the millions more murdered in the Shoah, one of the greatest atrocities in human history.
This is unacceptable. I voted 11 times to reopen the government and I will do everything possible to make sure this never happens again. We cannot play partisan games with people’s lives.
I want to thank them for their commitment to our safety, security, and to our country.
For 35 days, TSA agents, air traffic controllers, FBI agents, Border Patrol agents, FAA inspectors, park rangers, and many, many others had to worry about how they would make ends meet and provide for their families.
Thank you to all of the first responders who helped rescue an injured hiker in Worthington National Park last night. Our first responders are on the first lines every day, of keeping us safe. We owe it to them to have their backs for always having
I'm pleased to see we have taken that step and are reopening the government for the sake of our safety, security, and economy — and for all the families affected by the shutdown.
A week ago, when the Problem Solvers Caucus met with the President in the Situation Room, we discussed the importance of reopening the government, so we can have a constructive bipartisan conversation about immigration and border security.
As we have for weeks, including our meeting with the President in the Situation Room, the Problem Solvers Caucus will continue to meet and develop substantive, bipartisan solutions regarding border security and immigration.
The Problem Solvers Caucus applauds both sides for agreeing to open the government and sit down at the table to find a long-term solution.  We believe it’s best to engage in bipartisan, constructive conversation.
We can't let this shutdown put a ground stop on our region's economy. Our skies are at risk and massive delays at LaGuardia and Newark airports are unacceptable.   I've sent 11 bills to the Senate to reopen the government. It's time for action.
I am committed to accessible clean water and addressing these problems swiftly
New Jersey families need clean drinking water and transparency about the water in our homes. Our communities deserve to know what is in the water they’re drinking and what steps they can
RT @NewDay: “You don’t negotiate when the government is shut down…You reopen it and then you have that conversation” about border security,…
We need to address the growing cost of college for our families and our student. I’m working to make sure everyone in NJ knows about the federal financial aid options available to them. Thank you to all those who came out to the College Affordability Workshop @TeaneckHigh tonight
I am proud of the Vernon residents who braved the cold this weekend to stand up for clean air and clean water for their community. I will continue to fight for Vernon and all families in the Fifth District to have a healthy environment for their families.
I am so proud of the young people in our community for their acts of service this weekend. With them leading the way, I know our future is in good
RT @mattkatz00: The swastikas found inside the Columbia University Holocaust professor's office?No arrests.The swastikas that @RepJoshG's…
We owe them and all those serving, who have served, and their families an unpayable debt for their sacrifice for our country.
I was honored to give the keynote address to 131 of New Jersey’s finest as they prepare to deploy to the horn of Africa to fight terror and protect America’s interests in the region.
I am so grateful to all the young people who came out to spend the day doing service projects to honor Dr. King’s life and legacy yesterday. Thank you @TracyZur and We The People for organizing such a great service
Last weekend, Inserra Supermarkets opened up their 18th ShopRite in New Jersey and brought 200 new jobs to North Jersey. I am incredibly grateful to Larry Inserra and his team for investing in our
Each day the government remains shutdown, our economy takes a hit. We can’t allow this to go on any longer.
Our conversations last week with the White House were productive and constructive, but they were just the start. We need to keep talking and keep working at solutions for the American people.
The bipartisan rules changes are real, tangible wins in the pursuit of common ground and common sense legislation. It's time to start working for the American people
Young people have always helped lead the march toward progress; it is as important as ever for the young people in our community participate and lift their voices. Thank you to everyone who participated in these day of service projects.
This weekend, I participated in service projects in Glen Rock and Paramus, spoke at to a forum on social justice, and addressed the congregation at Mt. Olive Baptist Church in Hackensack. I was truly inspired by the work that I saw go on this weekend, especially from young people
This weekend is an opportunity to celebrate the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., and reflect on how his teachings can help us to continue to fight for civil rights, civil justice and equal opportunity today.
“The time is always right to do what is right.” We should always be standing up for our Jersey Values and having each other’s backs when they need it most. Thank you, Dr. King, for being an example of how to do the right thing, even when it’s the hard thing.
We must open the government as soon as we can, and that means we need to keep talking. The shutdown has been devastating for our small businesses, our food safety, and the safety of our
Each day the government remains shutdown, we are losing money. Our economy cannot keep taking these hits. We need to come to the table and find an agreement to get the government back open and get back to
Paying for college is complicated, and we are here to help. Come join my office and experts from the Department of Education on Wednesday January 23 at 5:30pm at Teaneck High School to learn about the options available to make college more affordable
There is too much at stake to play political games with the safety and security of our law enforcement, our skies, and even the food we eat is at risk.
Our talks on the shutdown have been productive and constructive, but we have to keep negotiating to make sure we can reopen the government.
You’re never going to solve a problem if you’re not talking. Part of the problem is both sides are not talking. To come to an agreement to reopen the government, we have to keep working at it and we have to stay at the
Enough is enough. We must come to the table and find a deal to reopen the government immediately. The safety and security of our law enforcement, our skies, and even the food we eat is at stake.
Also in attendance were Assemblyman Wirth, Freeholder Gardner, and Whyte Mayor Jeff Herb.
Last week, #TeamGottheimer attended the opening one of the largest solar fields on the east coast at DSM in Belvidere. The new solar field will provide sustainable, clean energy for the DSM facility for years to come.
For the sake of our children and our families, we must open the government
The FDA is in charge of inspecting roughly eighty percent of our food supply. Yet, forty-one percent of the FDA’s 17,000 employees are currently furloughed when they should be inspecting the lettuce, the cereal, the ice cream you bring into your homes every day.
On the train back to NJ! We just got done voting to reopen the government. I know that there is a bipartisan path forward that will reopen the government to protect our safety, security, and businesses, and pay those working without pay.
Yesterday’s meeting at the White House was productive and I am hopeful that, if we keep working together, we can find a path forward. I fundamentally believe that getting the government reopen is essential to our safety, security, and economy.
Today's conversations between the Problem Solvers Caucus and the White House were constructive. There is a path forward and the only way that path is realized is for us to stay at the table and keep working to open the government
Concerned parents and a local medical expert in infectious diseases both know all too well the risks of sidelining FDA inspectors. We should not have to fear for our children because the government is playing shutdown
Also joining us were Freeholder Chair Ortiz, Freeholder Vice Chair Amoroso, Assemblywoman Huttle, and Teaneck council members.
Last Thursday, #TeamGottheimer was in Teaneck for the opening of Bryant Elementary School’s new preschool. The new preschool will support families and make sure our children have the best educational options possible.
Without a cop on the beat, the safety of our families at the dinner table is at risk.
Just recently we had an e. Coli outbreak in lettuce and now we have no one to inspect lettuce. Earlier this year, more than 100 people got salmonella from their cereal. Who at the FDA is making sure this doesn’t happen again?
While the FDA decision to resume inspections for the most high risk food is a first step, we cannot continue to cut corners when it comes to the safety of our families and our children. We must work together, Democrats and Republicans, to reopen the government.
RT @CLCurbelo: The solutions for all our challenges can be found somewhere in the middle. Positive development from ⁦@USChamber⁩ with assis…
Republican leadership took the right action tonight when they removed Rep. King from his committee assignments. His comments endorsing white supremacy were abhorrent and do not reflect the values of our great nation. 
We must end this shutdown to make sure our most vulnerable are not in danger from food borne illness.
Without a cop on the beat, the safety of our families at the dinner table is at risk.  This month, 99 percent of the country's non-meat food facilities are not going to get inspected.
RT @CNBC: "The idea of walking away is unacceptable," Rep. Josh Gottheimer said yesterday of the ongoing government shutdown. He said that…
Mike and Blake are just two of many small business owners who are being directly impacted by government shutdown. We need to reopen the government so that small businesses like Alementary and so many others can keep growing in our
