Great event this morning in East Freedom with @CongressmanGT, Rep. Jim Gregory, and hundreds of sportsmen and sportswomen from the area. All of us are working together to find a solution to Chronic Wasting Disease while protecting the hunting community.
The people of PA-13 expect me to provide them with more control over their hard earned dollars, but H.R. 1 would force them to donate to political candidates and causes they may not agree with. I strongly opposed it today. Read my full statement →
Our office needed some extra input on our Friday staff call so we had my granddaughter Genevieve join us. Excited to spend the day with her and take her on the House floor to help me cast my votes.
RT @VolvoCE_NA: Thanks @RepJohnJoyce for your commitment to supporting your constituents from #VolvoCE Shippensburg — in DC and back in PA’…
The emergency room is often the front line when dealing with the opioid crisis. With compassionate and sympathetic care, emergency room physicians can provide a bridge to successful treatment. The folks at Conemaugh should be commended for this effort.
It was just reported that more than 76,000 migrants crossed the border without authorization in February - an 11-year high! Watch my interview last night with WTAJ in which I discussed my support for President Trump's emergency declaration and his effort to secure our border.
Incredible turnout at this morning’s Franklin County Area Development Corp’s State of the Economy breakfast. Was a privilege to be able to address community business leaders about important issues such as the opioid epidemic, STEM education and regulatory reform.
Today DHS Secretary Nielsen personally testified to me under oath that additional physical barriers along the southern border will help combat the drug crisis that is plaguing PA-13 and the entire country.
H.R 1 will allow taxpayer dollars to be used to fund political campaigns, something I will not support. Americans have a right to know about all of this bill's misguided provisions, which is why today I signed a letter calling for more transparency as we debate H.R. 1 this week.
Americans do not want to pay the $32 trillion in additional taxes that would be needed to fund Medicare-for-All. As a doctor, I believe we can make a number of alternative reforms that are realistic and will provide quality care for lower costs.
Using healthcare as some sort of political football to divide the country is not going to help patients - working on commonsense reforms will. Medicare-for-All is an unrealistic cure. Read my new op-ed in @thehill for an alternative approach to healthcare.
As @VP and I both say in this @WTAJnews segment, Medicare-for-All is unsustainable and would come with crippling tax increases. We should be focusing on realistic healthcare reforms that lower costs, increase the quality of care and protect those with preexisting conditions.
This measure will give the FBI the tools it needs to put a stop to the heinous acts of violence occurring in this country without infringing on the Second Amendment.
If Democrats are truly committed to putting a stop to some of the tragedies that have plagued our country in recent years they should stop holding show votes and bring commonsense reforms like the Mass Violence Protect Act to the floor.
Democrats tried again today to infringe on the Second Amendment and make it harder for law abiding citizens to defend themselves by bringing H.R. 1112 up for a vote. I opposed it.
#ICYMI - In yesterday's Small Business Committee hearing on empowering startups, I discussed the need to improve rural broadband. Doing so will allow for growth and expansion in #PA13's  economy.
H.R. 8 will do nothing to curb mass violence in this country and is an unnecessary burden on the Second Amendment rights of the legal gun owners. Read my full statement on today's vote  →
Representatives from the @PAFarmBureau came by today to discuss the concerns on the minds of PA’s farmers. Looking forward to partnering with them on regulatory reform initiatives that will allow our agriculture industry to prosper.
Medicare for All would be a disaster for our healthcare system. It would lead to massive tax increases on hardworking Americans and crush innovation. We should be focused on realistic, commonsense reforms that lower costs and put the patient first.
Participated in a House #SmallBusiness Committee hearing today about how we can improve entrepreneurial development programs. My questions centered around the importance of expanding rural broadband. @HSBCgop
Democrats had no interest in making a good faith attempt to secure our border and President Trump was right to take the action their partisan games forced upon him. My full statement on tonight's vote →
Special thanks to Walter Edwards of Williamsburg for taking the time to meet with me today about what we can do to support veterans in #PA13.
Thanks for stopping by!
Yesterday I announced I will cosponsor legislation to repeal the medical device tax once and for all and make healthcare more affordable. Read more from @TribLIVE →
Read more about my visit yesterday to @SummitHealth_PA in the @HeraldMailNews →
#ICYMI - Yesterday I checked in with @Newstalk1037fm to talk about what's going on in Congress. We discussed my support for President Trump's efforts to secure the border, second amendment rights and more. Listen here →
Just went to the Senate floor to show my support for legislation to protect newborn babies. It is unconscionable that Senate Democrats blocked the measure from passing and that Democrats in the House refuse to even take it up. Every life is precious and deserves to be protected.
Before heading back to DC today I stopped by @SummitHealth_PA for a tour and substantive discussion on the healthcare system. The hardworking employees there were impressive and offered sound input on the reforms we can undertake to try to bring down the costs of care.
We should be doing everything possible to lower healthcare costs  encourage innovation in the industry. That's why I will cosponsor legislation to permanently repeal the medical device tax. I discussed the issue this morning on @Newstalk1037fm →
Enjoyed attending a brunch for elected officials hosted by Pastor Gary Dull at the Faith Baptist Church of Altoona this weekend to discuss how we can work together to improve our community.
Spending the afternoon at the Jaffa Sports Show in Altoona talking with hunters from our area about what can be done in DC to assist them.
RT @jjbodies: Glad to have you stop by @RepJohnJoyce   We appreciate you and your team taking the time out of your busy day to make the vis…
Received an outstanding tour today of @jjbodies in Somerset. They do great manufacturing work and have been around since 1958.
This morning I participated in “Eggs and Issues” hosted by the @somersetchamber with DCED Secretary Davin, Chamber Director Ron Aldom, and other Somerset elected officials. We discussed improvements to Route 219, workforce development, and issues related to the dairy industry.
Yesterday I had the pleasure of meeting Carl Hill, owner of Hilltop Arms in Waynesboro. Carl showed me his facility and told me about the training programs he runs to promote safe and responsible gun use.
In Adams County today meeting with township officials in Cumberland. They showed me an amazing piece of history - the ballot box that was used when President Eisenhower voted in Cumberland during his presidency.
Yesterday I sat down with @WTAJnews to discuss the action I took this week in Congress to try to find a cure for Chronic Wasting Disease and to protect hunters in #PA13. Watch my interview here →
My statement on tonight's vote →
We need to protect our hunters. That's why this week I cosponsored legislation that would commission a study of Chronic Waste Disease without killing any deer in #PA13. @WJACTV has the full story -&gt;
Thank you @SenatorAument for your encouragement and support on this issue. Looking forward to partnering with you in the fight to revive our dairy industry.
Read more about the legislation I cosponsored that offers a solution to the ongoing issue between the 13th District hunting community and the Pennsylvania Game Commission here →
The legislation I am cosponsoring today will allow us to devote all the possible resources necessary into studying Chronic Waste Disease and developing a strategy to combat it, but will do so without detriment to the hunters in PA-13. Read more here →
@tribunedemocrat "So whether it be addressing challenges in our health care system, promoting policies that spur growth and entrepreneurship, or working across the aisle to assist our dairy farmers, I want you to know that, with your help, there is no problem I will shy away from trying to fix."
@tribunedemocrat "This is the type of attitude that I hope to bring to Congress every day – the mindset that there is always something to be done and members of the community are counting on me to do it."
@tribunedemocrat "So as we waited for Democrats to come to the table with little votes to take, I vowed not to waste any time. That’s the type of attitude you have when you come from the private sector."
Think the border standoff is the only thing going on in DC? Read my op-ed in today's @tribunedemocrat to learn about the many other issues we've made progress on together during my first month in office.
The mislabeling of milk is not only harmful to dairy farmers, it is also a public health issue. Read more about efforts to get the FDA to crack down on milk imitators here -&gt;
This morning I attended the Bellwood Family Health and Safety Fair, which was held at the Bellwood Library. Enjoyed meeting Excelsior Fire Company Chief Chris Cherry, as well as members Taylor Cherry, Tommy Whiteford, Bryant Mahute and David Kell.
For the 3rd straight day members of the @HouseGOP have tried to bring legislation to ban infanticide to the floor. For the 3rd straight day Democrats have blocked us. We must continue to persist and stand up for life. It's time the Democrats join us.
Today we're launching the first edition of my weekly newsletter. Click here to subscribe →
What a great surprise to have @AltoonaMayor stop by my office yesterday! Looking forward to continuing to meet with local officials to learn how I can be helpful to them in Washington.
Last week I visited @VolvoCE_NA at their office in Shippensburg, so this week I invited them to come see mine. Was important to have their representatives at the table for a discussion on improving our nation’s infrastructure.
As a doctor, I have treated many patients who rely on the Medicare Advantage for their healthcare costs. We need to continue to protect affordable access to healthcare for seniors by keeping this incredibly important program in place.
Thank you to the leaders of Pennsylvania’s Office of Rural Health for stopping by my office today to discuss how we can better support rural health centers in PA. We have three fantastic ones in #PA13!
Proud to be a cosponsor of this legislation, which ensures that any infant born alive after an abortion receives the same protection of law as any newborn. It’s time to stand up for life, send this bill to President Trump’s desk and put an end to infanticide.
RT @repgregwalden: What’s the cost of a $32 trillion one-size-fits-all, government-run health care system?Eliminates private/employer-spo…
This morning I joined @Newstalk1037fm to discuss what it was like to attend the State of the Union. Listen here →
In tonight’s State of the Union address @realDonaldTrump made it crystal clear to all Americans that we are moving full speed ahead on a path to prosperity. I stand committed to assisting him in continuing to make America great. Watch my full statement on the #SOTU below.
RT @GOPLeader: President Trump is right. Congress should vote to prohibit late-term abortions of children who can feel pain in their mother…
"America was founded on liberty and independence - not government coercion, domination, and control.  We are born free, and we will stay free. Tonight, we renew our resolve that America will never be a socialist country." - @POTUS #SOTU
As a doctor, I have seen first-hand how costs of prescription drugs have skyrocketed. I'm glad @realDonaldTrump addressed this important issue tonight and look forward to working with my colleagues in the House on legislation to lower prices for patients.
More and more people are working under @realDonaldTrump thanks to his efforts to cut taxes and remove regulations. The reduction we've seen in unemployment rates in all of the counties in #PA13 proves it.
.@realDonaldTrump is right. The economy is booming and the impacts are being felt in #PA13. The 10 counties that I represent have seen their unemployment rates decrease by an average of 23% since he took office.
RT @HouseGOP: Did you know @RepJohnJoyce is doctor? He anticipates the President talking at tonight’s #SOTU about ways to lower healthcare…
I am proud to be attending my very first #SOTU tonight. Click here for my full interview with C-SPAN to see what I am expecting to hear from @realDonaldTrump .
Just a quick reminder to tune in tonight at 9:00PM for the #SOTU You can stream it online here →
As a doctor, this latest action by Senate Democrats is appalling to me. Why would they want to block legislation that would prohibit allowing newborn infants to die without medical care? Every life is a precious gift from God and deserves to be protected.
Read all about what I've been up to in Washington during my first month in today's @PONews - Fighting to combat terrorism, secure our border, ban sanctuary cities, protect our dairy farmers and much more.
When I took office in early Jan I decided that I wanted to visit all 10 counties in #PA13 during my 1st month. Today's meeting in Adams County completed that mission. The last month has taught me a great deal and I look forward to continuing to spend time at events back home.
The people I represent know as well as any how burdensome regulations can impede farms from reaching their true economic potential, and I look forward to receiving their input on these issues and fighting for the entire agriculture community.
Spent the afternoon touring @sheetz in Claysburg. Thank you for having me and providing me with insight on your important industry.
One of my first actions as a member of the Homeland Security Committee was to sign a letter urging the Conference Committee to take an “all-of-the-above” approach in the ongoing negotiations - including investing in 21st century technology, manpower and physical barriers.
There have been more calls coming into our office in favor of building the wall and securing our border than on any other topic and my increased input on such a critical issue is a positive for the people of the 13th District.
Proud to be working to protect all the dairy farmers in #PA13. Read more about the actions I took this week in today's @tribunedemocrat → 
Last night I attended the Chambersburg Ice Fest ribbon cutting. Good to see so many familiar faces in attendance.
This afternoon I visited Occupational Services Inc. in Chambersburg. This outstanding sheltered workshop assists individuals with disabilities or other barriers to employment through vocational programs and employment services.
Toured Volvo Construction in Shippensburg this morning. It was great to meet with so many hardworking employees and listen to their ideas.
RT @HouseHomeland: Serving on the Subcommittee On Emergency Preparedness, Response, And Recovery: @RepPeteKing, @RepJohnJoyce, @RepDanCrens…
RT @HouseHomeland: @RepMikeRogerAL Serving on the Subcommittee On Border Security, Facilitation, And Operations: @RepClayHiggins, @RepDLesk…
This week I led a bipartisan letter urging the FDA to crack down on dairy imitators and cosponsored legislation to allow whole milk to be offered in schools. Click here to learn more about my efforts to protect dairy farmers →
In disbelief that a public official would say this. What is being advocated for is abhorrent, heinous and must be recognized for what it is: murder. It is essential we have leaders who understand that every life is a gift from God and must be protected.
I joined Fox and Friends this morning to talk about my strong opposition to "Medicare for All" and how I am looking to make healthcare my number one priority while in Congress. Watch here →
Spent some time this morning with the folks at Pyramid Healthcare's Altoona branch. They are having tremendous success with their opioid rehabilitation program and provided important insight on the epidemic.
As a new member of the House Committee on Small Business, I'm eager to meet as many local job creators as possible to see what I can do to help them in Washington. This morning, I visited Altoona Pipe Steel, which provides steel for Sheetz stations across Pennsylvania.
I joined @Newstalk1037fm this morning to talk about the ongoing negotiations to fund the wall, my new committee assignments, legislation to ban sanctuary cities and the district healthcare tour I have been conducting. Listen here →
The President has shown a willingness to come to the table multiple times throughout this process and now Democrats must do the same.
As we continue to negotiate over the next three weeks, I urge the Democrats to change their tune and send a bill containing wall funding to President Trump’s desk.
The people of PA-13 are tired of kicking the can down the road when it comes to securing our border and do not understand why Democrats, who have supported physical barriers in the past, refuse to offer a single dollar for the wall.
The reason that the people of our district sent me to Washington is simple: they are fed up with politics as usual.
Great visit to New Pig in this afternoon. The Duncansville based company manufactures outstanding spill control products and employs hundreds.
Continued my district-wide healthcare tour this morning with a visit to @FCMCPA to discuss the opioid epidemic. Great discussions about the community-based solutions needed to combat the crisis.
In today's @BedfordGazette I reflect on what my first couple of weeks in office have been like. Click below for my thoughts on fighting the opioid epidemic, securing the border, fixing healthcare, standing up for life and empowering small businesses.
For the third time the @HouseGOP voted to pay federal workers while we continue to negotiate on the wall. The hardworking men and women at @DHSgov should be receiving paychecks, but the Democrats continue to vote no have decided to leave town without a solution to the shutdown.
Serving on @HouseHomeland will put me at the forefront of our national security issues and is a responsibility I take seriously.
Having signed paychecks for members of my office for over 25 years, I have seen first-hand some of the unique hurdles faced by entrepreneurs in our region. I am eager to get to work on legislation to allow job creators to grow and expand their businesses.
I am honored to have been selected to serve on the House Homeland Security and Small Business committees! Read my full statement here →
For the 2nd straight week I voted to retroactively pay federal workers who have been impacted by the shutdown. Only 10 commonsense Democrats joined me. How can anyone claim to support our federal employees refuse to pay them? Clearly there is a motive to obstruct the President.
Enjoyed being at Conemaugh Memorial Medical Center yesterday as they had a ribbon cutting for their new radiation oncology unit. I am working hard to see what we can do in Washington to empower this type of innovation in the healthcare industry.
Yesterday, I toured Somerset Hospital to learn about how it is continuing to grow and expand. Check out the @dailyamerican for the full story on my visit →
During my healthcare listening tour across the 13th District one of the things I'm focusing on is how we can better encourage our children to stay in the region and work at their hometown hospitals. Read more from the @tribunedemocrat here →
Providing federal law enforcement officers with all of the assistance they need to implement our immigration laws and keep our citizens safe is of the utmost importance. That is why today I cosponsored legislation to curb sanctuary cities.
Continued my healthcare listening tour this afternoon with a visit to Conemaugh Memorial Medical Center in Johnstown. Conemaugh had a ribbon cutting ceremony today for their new Radiation Oncology, which will put them at the cutting edge of cancer therapy.
One of my first actions since taking office has been to conduct a listening tour at health centers across the 13th District to see what I can do to assist them in Washington. Great stops earlier today at Somerset Hospital and the Chan Soon-Shiong Medical Center at Windber.
Our prayers are that we can move forward peacefully to the common goals of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
Today, we honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Dr. King reminded us that we are all God's children and that we are all created equal as human beings.
I call on Speaker Pelosi to stop the endless obstruction and begin good faith negotiations so we can get back to work for the American people.
It seems that nothing will satisfy the Democrats in these negotiations and that they will continue to hold federal workers hostage for the sole purpose of trying to stop President Trump's agenda.
To review - President Trump is offering Democrats immigration reforms that they want, and border security that they voted for in the past, but today they are backing away from both.
Time and time again throughout the shutdown, President Trump has shown a willingness to compromise so we can secure our border and reopen the government.
I call on Speaker Pelosi to begin good faith negotiations so we can secure the border and bring an end to the shutdown. My full statement is here -&gt;
Having my nephews, Samuel and Shane, and my niece, Natalie with me on the House floor this week was a special treat. #ICYMI - click here to watch my remarks on protecting the dignity of human life →
On my way to advocate for the pro-life agenda on the National Mall. I look forward to seeing many of my friends who have made the trip from #PA later this afternoon at the reception in Capitol Visitors Center, room 217.
Today, I signed on to multiple bills to advance the pro-life cause. Read all about them here → 
When I graduated from medical school, I pledged to never perform, assist or facilitate an abortion. The people of Pennsylvania’s 13th Congressional District have sent me to Washington to apply that pledge to my work in Congress as well.
By refusing to meet with @realDonaldTrump today the Democrats proved that they favor playing political games over getting the government up and running and paying federal workers. It’s time to end the gridlock, fund the wall and get back to work for the American people.
Spent yesterday morning in Altoona to receive a briefing on veteran care and the challenges of the opioid epidemic at the James E. Van Zandt VA Medical Center.
I joined WRTA this morning to talk about the need to #SecureOurBorder and bring an end to the shutdown. Listen to the full interview here →
It's our responsibility in Congress to support quality healthcare research. Innovators like @montaltopsu are at the forefront of the changes we are seeing in the medical field and I learned a great deal from their students on Friday.
As a doctor, I understand the importance of students receiving hands-on training in the medical field. I will work hard to support such programs in Congress. Click below for coverage from @WDVMTV on my visit to @montaltopsu.
Thanks for having me!
Last evening I headed over to Chambers’ Apothecary, an outstanding family owned pharmacy that has multiple locations and employs around 100 people. There’s much we can do in Congress to support these types of small businesses.
Great visit to Penn State Mont Alto to learn what we can do in Washington to support their tremendous nursing, physical therapy and occupational therapy programs.
Today I voted to guarantee back pay to federal employees who are bearing the burden of this shutdown. Many of them will miss their first paycheck today because Democrats refuse to negotiate. I am fighting to reopen the government and will decline my salary until that happens.
To my colleagues across the aisle who supported wall funding in the past – what changed? Are you really willing to reverse a previous position and keep government closed just so you can resist the President’s agenda?It’s time to fund the wall and bring an end to the shutdown.
I gave my first address on the floor of the House today, where I called for Democrats take up an appropriations package that will fund the border wall and bring an end to the government shutdown so federal workers like corrections officers at FCI Loretto can be paid.
Democrats supported border security funding in the past. What changed? They need to come to the table so we can open the government. Take a listen to my discussion on the shutdown with @Newstalk1037fm here →
Tonight, House Democrats voted to revive Obamacare. As a physician, I know from experience how the Affordable Care Act has failed to put the patient first. It's time to replace it once and for all. Read my full statement here →
Earlier this week I spoke with @DAMichelleG from the @dailyamerican to talk about how I am hitting the ground running in my effort to advance conservative principles in Washington. Read the full interview here →
I agree with @realDonaldTrump that we need to address the humanitarian and security crisis at the southern border and fund the wall. Read my full statement here -&gt; #SecureOurBorder
#ICYMI - Last week I requested my salary be withheld during the government shutdown. If I receive monies retroactively I will donate them to three charities. Read more below -&gt;
I now have my official office account up and running. Click below to read my interview with the @tribunedemocrat, where I reflect on a busy first week in Congress. -&gt;
