I came to Washington to solve big problems like skyrocketing health care costs I’ll keep fighting for Central Valley families.
Today I was proud to lead the most sweeping government reform bill since Watergate. Here’s what I had to say.
We did it!
BREAKING: Our bill to make government more transparent and accountable just passed!
Just left the House Floor – our amendment to make lobbyists more accountable just got adopted into HR1! Will keep you updated on the big vote tomorrow. - JH
BREAKING: Today I introduced our amendment to the most sweeping anti-corruption bill since Watergate. It’s a common sense reform to make Congress work for you, not lobbyists.
In case you missed it, our bill to help get veterans the care they need passed the
Corporate dark money + politicians = a Congress that doesn’t help our communities. If we want to lower prescription drug prices or create a fairer tax code we must break the grip lobbyists have on Washington. Share this post if you agree there’s too much dark money in politics.
Corporate lobbyists and super PACs have dumped billions of dollars into our elections. It’s high time we stop letting them decide who represents us. #HR1
Access to a free and open internet isn’t a privilege, it’s a right. That’s why we’re working to give power back to the people and #SaveTheNet.
It’s time to break the hold that special interests have on Congress. I’m ready to roll up my sleeves and make some real progress for Central Valley families.
We heard from Valley veterans that staffing shortages at the VA make it harder for them to get care, so we did something about it. Today, our bipartisan bill passed the House which increases the VA’s recruitment pool teaches future doctors about challenges our veterans face.
What is H.R.1? It’s our anti-corruption bill that will: Get dark money out of politics End partisan gerrymandering Protect our elections from foreign
For far too long the Central Valley has been left out of the appropriations process that’s why I’m opening it up to YOU. Submit a request at the link below to get federal funding for your
Thanks, Amy – I made a promise on day one to be accessible and transparent because that’s what the Central Valley
Water isn’t a Democratic or Republican issue – it turns out we all need access to reliable and high quality water. I recently sat down with some folks from the Modesto Irrigation District to discuss ways to maintain a steady water supply in the Central Valley.
Thanks to the California Alliance for Retired Americans for visiting our Modesto Office and sharing your priorities for senior citizens in the Valley!
I have to admit something to you all… I’m no photographer. That’s why I’m launching a contest – do you have a beautiful photo of the Central Valley? Submit it to this link and we’ll chose a winning photograph to become our new official cover
This week, on a national stage, I made sure the Central Valley’s voice was heard – we need better health care and we need Medicare for All.
Thanks, Christy.
WATCH: Here's what I had to say to Sec. Perdue at this week's hearing.
#FBF to my town hall last week. Tracy came ready to go with thoughtful questions – if you weren’t able to make it, be sure to like our page so you don’t miss the next one near
Thanks for your question suggestions for Ag Secretary Sonny Perdue – we had a helpful conversation about what the Central Valley needs he committed to making a trip to see for himself.
Also, Blue is up for adoption here!
Blue and I had a great conversation today about how to promote bi-paw-tisanship in Congress!
At my last town hall I got a question about dark money in politics. I’m proud to be an original sponsor of #HR1 to clean up our election process and get big $$ out of politics.
We’ve seen how badly the trade war is affecting our district. Today I asked Ag Secretary Sonny Perdue to see firsthand the impact on our district and I got his word he’ll be making a trip to the Central Valley. I look forward to welcoming him soon!
Today I’m keeping a promise to address our healthcare crisis. We need to move to a system where every single family has healthcare coverage and can actually afford it.
I’m proud to announce today we officially introduced #MedicareforAll, I’ve heard throughout our community that the Central Valley needs affordable and universal healthcare. This bill is a big step towards fulfilling that promise.
Win of the day: Last week I visited the VOLT Institute to see how they use technical education to prepare folks for good paying jobs. Today we worked on (and passed out of committee!) a bill that brings more dollars to programs just like this in the Central Valley.
Tomorrow we have a big opportunity – what should I ask US Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue at our hearing?
Drug prices are out of control and devastating our families. Glad to see both parties working together today to hold drug companies accountable.
Homelessness is a serious issue in our community – I recently toured the Modesto Gospel Mission to see what I can do to help.
When I came to Congress I made a promise to be transparent and accessible – take a look at some of what I’ve been up to.
This week we have a big opportunity - US Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue is testifying before the Ag Committee. What should I ask him? This is our chance to make sure Central Valley farmers have their voices heard.
Did we miss you at our Tracy Town Hall? I want to hear what's on your mind - fill out this survey and let me
Thanks to everyone who came out to our Tracy Town Hall - if you weren't able to make it we'll see you next time!
Just toured two local water infrastructure sites as we continue to explore the best ways to get our communities the water they need to drink, farm, and live.
Too many Central Valley families struggle with access to health care - last night I met with families to hear how we can help.
RT @MiFamiliaVota: Today w/ our partners @CPEHN @CRLAFoundation we hosted a town hall w/@RepJoshHarder to discuss healthcare immigration…
Excited to see you tomorrow at our Town Hall In Tracy!
I came to Congress to help Central Valley families and that starts with being accessible to you - thanks to everyone who came to my Modesto Office Hours!
Health care in the Valley needs to be affordable accessible – today Pam and I toured the Golden Valley Health Center to hear directly from doctors, nurses and health care providers to make sure our families are getting the care they need.
Great visit with the @VOLTInstitute - we absolutely need affordable education programs like these in the Valley to prepare our students for jobs of the future.
Want to keep up with what we’re up to in the Central Valley? Sign up here for my very first
It’s my job to be accessible to you  – that’s why this week I’m hosting open office hours in Ripon and Modesto and my second Town Hall of the year.
I’ll be continuing my 100 Day Listening Tour in Ripon tomorrow and Modesto on Thursday – I want to hear from YOU what I should be focused
I know it’s important that I’m accessible to you, that’s why every week I call a few people that have written in to our office.
We have a jam packed week and I’ll be criss crossing the Central Valley – I hope to see you around the neighborhood!
This week is the 3rd leg of our 100 Day Listening Tour! Keep an eye out for events near you – hope to see you around the Central Valley!
Word is out – if you are a veteran in the Central Valley, we want to hear from you. Sign up here to apply to join our Congressional Veterans Advisory Committee.
Just heard the Defense Distribution Depot in Tracy is potentially losing $18 million bc of the emergency declaration. I am closely monitoring and will fight any decision to take money from our communities.
I really wanted to introduce you all to my friend George, but his treats were much more exciting.
Congrats to these Future City Finalists, our very own Gratton 7th graders! Good luck in the next leg of the
Today both parties were able to come together to keep the government open. Reports that the President will declare a national emergency, however, are very concerning.
Met this guy today at an ASPCA event. Pam and I are on the look out for one of our own!
I’m here to serve the Central Valley. The more I hear from YOU the better I can help our neighbors.
Our office is open for business! Please reach out, our staff is ready to help get you the services you need and the funding the Central Valley deserves.
But when it comes to our Central Valley water, I believe even one tunnel is one tunnel too many. We can't afford a plan that exports Central Valley water down south at the expense of our economy.
In today’s State of the State address, @GavinNewsom set the stage for a new chapter in California, the Valley must play a key part of that story. I look forward to working with the Gov to ensure every Central Valley family gets the overdue attention they deserves in Sacramento.
Met with these wonderful Central Valley families today to discuss how we are fighting to keep families together.
I’m proud my staff reflects the values of the Central Valley. We are your neighbors, and we’re here to serve you.
Had the chance to sit down with some incredible students from Tracy High’s Future Farmers of America. Agriculture is the backbone of our economy and these kids are going to lead the way.
I am here to serve you. Whether it’s help with a government agency, applying for a grant or a scheduling a tour in DC, we are here to help. Click this link to learn about all the ways we can help.
Do you need help getting services from the government? My #1 priority is to make sure our Central Valley neighbors get the services they need. We’re here to help.
It’s my job to represent our communities, no matter a person’s political party. I’m here for the Central Valley.
Folks in the Central Valley, and especially those with pre-existing conditions, need access to reliable health
Had the chance to sit down with my friend, John Casazza, and chat about how we can end the uncertainty the trade war is creating for our farmers.
Today I had the honor of meeting Brigadier General Kim Colloton, Commander of the South Pacific Division of the Army Corps of Engineers. Had an important discussion on how we are keeping our communities safe.
BREAKING: The House just passed our amendment! It’s our first piece of legislation to pass the House and couldn’t be prouder it’s to help our veterans AND we got it done by working across the aisle.
Last month I visited the Stanislaus County Veteran’s Services Office and heard about the mental health crises affecting our veterans. Today I stood on the floor of the Capitol to advocate for those who have bravely served us.
In my town halls and meetings across the Central Valley I hear time after time that drug prices are too high. Today, I co-sponsored an important bill to keep money in your pocket and end price gouging from pharmaceutical companies.
You sent me to Congress to bring home results. I’m working to find common ground with Republicans and Democrats to make sure our communities get what they need to succeed.
It’s my job to make sure Washington is focused on serving veterans in the Central Valley. That’s why I’m forming a veterans committee to make sure your voices are heard. Apply here:
I ran for Congress to protect our loved ones with pre-existing conditions from losing health insurance. Today, at my first hearing as a Congressman, I had the opportunity to officially fight for it.
Got to spend some more time with John, our State of the Union guest, today. Can’t tell you how nice it was to have some Central Valley smarts in DC. Excited to continue our friendship – next time at his walnut farm!
RT @CAFoodBanks: @RepJoshHarder TY for hearing how the #shutdown's #SNAPgap is only felt now: "since the federal shut down the normal lines…
It’s time for Democrats and Republicans in Congress to roll up our sleeves and work together – that’s the only way we’ll actually be able to bring home results for the Central
I hope the President backs up tonight’s bipartisan appeals in his #SOTU with bipartisan action. If we want progress on the issues that matter to the hardworking families of the Central Valley, we can't let gridlock, lies, and fear-mongering rule as they so often do nowadays.
Tonight is my first State of the Union Address - I hope to hear the President discuss the issues that unite us. #SOTU
Just landed in DC with John, our State of the Union guest! Looking forward to John teaching Congress a thing or two about how we get things done in the Valley!
Tomorrow is my first committee hearing as a Member of Congress. We’re investigating one of the most important issues in our community – preexisting conditions. I want to hear from you – why is coverage important to your family?
RT @CAFoodPolicy: Thank you @repjoshharder for taking the time to meet with anti-hunger partners yesterday and for providing community memb…
@HouseAgDems Thanks for taking a *crack* at it! Alright, now I'm done.
Pleased to share walnut farmer John Casazza of Hughson will be my guest for tomorrow’s SOTU. John his family have operated Mid Valley Nut since 1970, creating jobs in the Valley. Honored to highlight his story how the fed gov can support our
RT @CAFoodBanks: @RepJoshHarder thank you for prioritizing @FightingHunger the San Joaquin Hunger Task Force with a community roundtable…
Thank you for having me! I am committed to working with County leaders to promote the prosperity and continued growth of agriculture in the Central Valley!
Great time catching Super Bowl festivities at Fired Up Grill in Ceres with members of the @ModestoNaacp. Had a great chat about how Congress can keep supporting local businesses.
Great coffee in Escalon today meeting with constituents from across the district to hear their priorities! I’ll be taking their ideas back to Congress to make Washington work for the Central Valley.
Today I celebrated the upcoming Year of the Pig with friends and neighbors in Modesto. I wish everyone in the Central Valley a prosperous and joyful new year! Thank you to @modparksandrec and the Stanislaus Chinese Culture Society for a great night!
It’s my honor to serve residents of the Valley and my duty to make sure their voices are heard. This weekend I’ll be doing just that as I continue my 100 Day Listening Tour.
Join me this Sunday in Escalon for a cup of joe!
RT @calclimateag: Shout out to CalCAN coalition members @CA_FarmLink + @famfarms in DC this week w/ @sustainableag to give voice to Califor…
I just visited Beard Brook last weekend and this is heartbreaking. Wishing all those impacted a complete recovery, and thank you to our first responders  for working around the clock to keep our communities
If the government shuts down, those responsible should feel the consequences, not hardworking families back home.I spoke today about the effort we’re leading to make this a reality.
"I have every confidence Josh Harder will be transparent and continue to have open communication with all his
This shutdown should have never happened, but glad that the Pres. leaders in both Houses have agreed to compromise. Let’s put this sad episode behind us so both sides can work on a permanent solution to fund our government, secure our border, fight for Central Valley families
It's about showing up, listening, and getting to work. Read my latest Op-Ed
Great to see a familiar Turlock face today — thanks for stopping by Mayor @AmyBublak. Looking forward to working with you to make sure the Valley gets the federal resources it deserves.
I’m so grateful to everyone who shared their stories over the past week — please keep them coming. Every day this is my promise: Ill be accessible, I’ll listen, and I’ll fight for our communities.
This week I travelled through #CA10 to hear from hundreds of you about what you think our families need. I wanted to quickly share what I’ve learned, and how we’re going to make it happen. Please keep the ideas coming!
“I am not the representative of the people who agree with me, I am not the representative of people who voted for me. I’m the representative of every person in this district, and I really do hear
RT @cityofmodesto: Thank you @RepJoshHarder for visiting Modesto’s homeless camp at Beard Brook Park, and for taking an interest in helping…
Great to join Manteca’s Hope Family Shelter to do our part to celebrate #MLKDayOfService. Would love to hear from the rest of the community about how others in #CA10 gave back today.
Honored to join the Tracy, West, Kimball HS BSU clubs, @TracyUnifiedSD, the Tracy African American Association to celebrate the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. A reminder of how far we’ve come, the work we’ve yet to accomplish so all can live in a just + equal world.
Thanks to @beyerobotics for letting me stop by Sunday’s build day! STEM programs like this are key to our kids’ futures. Looking forward to more exciting visits w the community later today!
Day 3 of our Listening Tour and we’re back on the road! More open office hours at the Stanislaus Co. Veterans Services Office and the Hughson Public Library. Thanks to everyone for sharing your stories and thoughts. This is what serving our community is all about.
Full house for our first town hall of the new year!
Such an inspiring day at the Women’s March Modesto. Thanks to @CASenCaballero and all the other speakers who lent their voice. Proud to march alongside you.
Excited for Day 2 of our listening tour!Modesto Office Hours Jan 19, 9:30-11amStanislaus Co. Veterans CenterHughson Office HoursJan 19, 1:30–3:30pmHughson Public LibraryFirst 100 Days Town HallJan 19 at 4:00pmCeres Community CenterRSVP below!
Listening Tour Day One complete! Thx to everyone who came out to our office hours, to @mod_irrigation, @turlockID, @oakdaleChamber, and others for the hospitality. Can’t wait for tomorrow!
Come join us for our listening tour this weekend—I’ll be hosting office hours and my first town hall as a member of Congress tomorrow. Check out the full details below.
Proud to share our final committee assignment – I’ll be serving on the House Agriculture Committee allowing me to focus on one of the most vital pieces of our economy in #CA10. Ready to get to work for our
The CA wildfires were devastating. Today we worked across the aisle and won an additional $1.9 billion to help farmers rebuild. We have lots more to do, but this is a start.If you were effected by the wildfires call my office at (209) 579 5458 and we can help.
Thrilled to be on the House Ed Labor Committee (and still TBD others). I ran to make a difference on issues that matter to  #CA10— good jobs, worker's healthcare and setting up the next generation for success. This gives us the voice to do just
Our communities need this disaster recovery funding. I refuse to let it be taken from us. We have to put politics aside and have a real debate about how we properly secure the
Yesterday for the first time I addressed Congress. I rose to speak because this government shutdown is directly hurting the Central Valley and it needs to stop. You can watch my first speech below.
This is what is wrong with partisan politics. Immigration reform is needed, border security is needed. But we absolutely shouldn’t shut down the government because we can’t work together. Open the government and stop hurting families who need our government’s help.
Congrats to all our @SJGov and @StanCounty representatives who took the oath of office yesterday! Excited to work with you to make life better in the Central
31,000 families in my district are at risk of losing SNAP benefits to feed their kids because of this shutdown. It’s completely unacceptable that our working families are treated like political pawns. It's time we #EndTheShutdown
Today, I signed on as a co-sponsor to H.R. 1, the For the People Act. There are a lot of issues we need to tackle in the new Congress, but the corrupting influence of big money in politics is the biggest obstacle to getting things done. Read my
Earlier today, I took the oath of office. Pam and I are so grateful for this moment, and I am humbled by the responsibility entrusted to me by the 10th District. Our office is open and ready to serve you!
Welcome to my official House Twitter account! Today is day one of the new session--ready to work!
