The time has come to tear down the barriers to the ballot box. #goodtrouble
54 years ago today, we were beaten, tear gassed, trampled by horses, and left bloody on that bridge in Selma. But we cannot rest. We cannot become weary. We must honor those who gave their lives for the right to vote. We must continue to find a way to get in the way. #goodtrouble
My prayers are with @GovernorKayIvey and all of the people of Alabama affected by the powerful tornadoes yesterday, especially those who lost loved ones. May you all find peace after this tragedy.
Thank you for all of the kind birthday wishes. I still feel good, I feel young. I’m ready to keep fighting, to keep pushing, to keep getting in good trouble, necessary trouble so that we may continue to build the beloved community. #GoodTrouble
Immigration status should not be an excuse to treat people in an inhumane way. We should make it easier, not harder, for people who have the desire to pursue an education to get one. I am proud to introduce this bill with Rep. Gallego. #HigherEdDreamAct
We mourn the unspeakable loss of life one year ago today at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, but I continue to be inspired by the commitment of the student survivors to nonviolent protest and direct action to bring an end to gun violence in America.
This nation has lost one of the great legislators of our time.  Rep. John Dingell was a man who did not hesitate to stand up, speak up and speak out for those who were left out and left behind. He will be deeply missed.
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was my hero, my mentor, my friend, and my brother. We honor his legacy by celebrating this holiday as a day on, not a day off. It is a day of action, a day of love, to give of ourselves to others and begin anew the building of the beloved community.
Thank you, @Delta!
Wishing everyone a happy and safe Christmas holiday.
Every minute, every day, every week of delay is a disservice to American taxpayers.  This is good work -- necessary work -- and it puts the people before
Don’t put it off any longer.  Open enrollment ends today.  Sign up for affordable health coverage at now.
The deadline to sign up for 2019 health coverage is December 15! Go to and #GetCovered today.
Wishing each and everyone of you a happy and safe Thanksgiving holiday.
Our struggle is not the struggle of a day, a week, a month, or a year—it is the struggle of a lifetime. Be persistent and consistent. We shall overcome. #GoodTrouble
VOTE! Do your part. Honor the sacrifice of those who marched and protested, those who were beaten and left bloody, those who gave the last full measure of devotion so that each and every one of us can exercise our right to vote. You can change America. #goodtrouble
Never give up, never give in, never give out. Keep the faith and keep your eyes on the prize. Each and every vote matters. Do your part and vote like you’ve never voted before. Believe in the power of love and together we will build the Beloved Community here in America.
During another period people waited in immovable lines, faced billy clubs and cattle prods, in order to register and vote. Have courage, raw courage, and let nothing stop you from exercising your right to vote in this election. Do your part. Vote. #GoodTrouble
Sometimes you have to let the spirit move you.
Be bold. Be courageous. Vote like you’ve never voted before. Together we can redeem the soul of America. #GoodTrouble
There is no room in our society for gun violence and especially not in a place of worship. Elected officials must stop fanning the flames of hatred, bitterness, and division. We must condemn these terrible acts in the strongest possible terms and work to heal these deep wounds.
I am grateful to local, state, and federal law enforcement as well as the U. S. Postal Service for their efforts to bring to justice those responsible for the attempted mail bombings. Hate is too heavy a burden to bear. Love is the better way.
The right to vote is precious, almost sacred. It is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument we have in a democratic society. Let nothing stand in your way to use it so that together we may build a truly more perfect union here in America. #vote #GoodTrouble
I fought too long and too hard to end discrimination based on race not to stand up and speak out against discrimination based on gender identity. We are all human beings blessed with the spark of the divine.  #WontBeErased
I have been beaten, my skull fractured, and arrested more than forty times so that each and every person has the right to register and vote. Friends of my gave their lives. Do your part. Get out there and vote like you’ve never voted before. #vote #goodtrouble
I continue to be grateful for the brave reporters and members of the press who face unspeakable threats and their work to ensure no acts of evil may be swept under the rug and hidden from the light of justice.
It's hard not to see parallels to the Civil Rights Movement when reporters were threatened, beaten, attacked for attempting to shine a light on injustices perpetrated in the Deep South. The administration’s weak feeble response demonstrates whose side they really fight for.
Greed and power can never be allowed to conspire to extinguish a human life. The murder of Jamal Khashoggi is a vicious attack on the press, on free speech, and basic human rights.
I am sick and outraged over the murder of journalist and American permanent resident Jamal Khashoggi. The President and his administration have failed to uphold their duty to the Constitution and to the rule of law by turning a blind-eye to this demonic act.
The right to vote is precious, almost sacred. It is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument we have in a democratic society. Do your part. Get registered. Vote. #NationalVoterRegistrationDay
I applaud Mayor Bottoms’ decision to end the City of Atlanta’s contract with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency (ICE).
55 years ago today, we marched on Washington for jobs and freedom. I spoke number six, Dr King spoke number ten, and out of everybody who spoke that day I’m the only one still around. #goodtrouble
Senator John McCain was a warrior for peace. He will be deeply missed by people all around the world.
We have lost one of the great artists of our time. Aretha Franklin was one of God’s precious gifts to the world—one of God’s shining jewels. She is deeply loved by millions of people as the Queen of Soul. Her voice is still a guiding light to vocalists today.
53 years ago today, the Voting Rights Act was signed into law by President Johnson. I shed a little blood on that bridge in Selma and friends of mine gave their lives so that no person would be denied their right to vote. Now do your part—get registered, and vote. #goodtrouble
Happy Birthday, @BarackObama #goodtrouble
Congratulations @mitchellreports on 40 years of doing the hard, necessary work of keeping the American people informed. We need your voice now more than ever.
These young people cannot wait until politicians see fit to face the truth and develop an immigration reform policy that helps us live up to the principles of true democracy. #goodtrouble
I am deeply disturbed by the outcome of the Helsinki summit.  The leader of this nation takes an oath before God to defend this country from all enemies both foreign and domestic, but this president is not defending the American way of life.
You've got to love everybody. As Dr. King used to say, you've got to love the hell out of them. #goodtrouble
To follow more of my work on the @WaysMeansCmte and on the House Floor, be sure to subscribe to my @YouTube channel. #goodtrouble
Never give up, never give in, never give out. Keep the faith, and keep your eyes on the prize. Together, we can redeem the soul of America. #goodtrouble
RT @WaysMeansCmte: Average working families aren’t seeing a boost from the GOP tax law, but “the top-earning 1 percent of households — thos…
Hate is too heavy a burden to bear. Love is the better way. #goodtrouble
Have courage—raw courage—to stand up and speak up for those left out and left behind. #goodtrouble
57 years ago today I was released from Mississippi State Penitentiary, better known as Parchman, after being arrested in the Jackson, MS bus station for using a so-called "white" restroom during the Freedom Rides. #goodtrouble
Your vote matters. If it didn’t, why would some people keep trying to take it away? #goodtrouble
Be bold. Be courageous. Never be afraid to speak up and speak out. Together we can build a more perfect union. #goodtrouble
We are sick and tired of seeing little babies taken from their mothers. That's not right, it's not fair, and history will not be kind to us. As a nation and as a people we can do much better. We may have to turn America upside down to turn it right-side up. #KeepFamiliesTogether
The right to vote is precious, almost sacred. It is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument we have in a democratic society. We must use it. #goodtrouble
The time is always right to do right. Find a way to get in the way and we will make a way out of no way. #goodtrouble
There is no sound more powerful than the marching feet of a determined people. #goodtrouble
Do not get lost in a sea of despair. Be hopeful, be optimistic. Our struggle is not the struggle of a day, a week, a month, or a year, it is the struggle of a lifetime. Never, ever be afraid to make some noise and get in good trouble, necessary trouble. #goodtrouble
I never thought I would live to see a day when the Supreme Court of the United States would again make a decision as inhumane as Dred Scott v. Sandford or Korematsu v. United States. #StandWithMuslims #NoMuslimBanEver
I was beaten, left bloody unconscious while friends of mine gave their lives to ensure that every person has the right to register vote. But five years ago the SCOTUS Shelby County v Holder decision stuck a dagger in the heart of the Voting Rights Act. We must #RestoreTheVRA
Make no mistake: Today’s executive order fails to address or end this moral crisis. It merely replaces the unacceptable evil of family separation with the unacceptable evil of child detention.
RT @cspan: .@RepJohnLewis: "Our nation is mourning. Our nation is crying out to save our little children. Save our babies. History will not…
RT @DemsEspanol: Los congresistas @RepGutierrez, @repjohnlewis, @repjoecrowley, @RepJudyChu y otros miembros demócratas de la Cámara de Rep…
RT @RepJimmyGomez: Here outside U.S. Customs Border Protection with @RepSchakowsky, @RepJudyChu, @repjohnlewis, @RepGutierrez, @repjoecro…
RT @RepEspaillat: More than 1,300 children have been taken away from their families since the beginning of President #Trump's 'zero toleran…
RT @RepJayapal: We are sitting in at the offices of Customs and Border Patrol. Release the asylum seekers and reunite them with their chi…
Senator Robert F. Kennedy died fifty years ago today. When he passed, it was as if something died in all of us. 
Thank you, @ABCNetwork. You did the right thing. There is not any room in our society for racism or bigotry.
RT @WaysMeansCmte: “This bill is not for the people, it is not of the people, and it was not and never will be tax reform.” – @repjohnlewis…
Separating children from their parents is cruel, it is inhumane, and it is not in keeping with the moral values of our nation. It is simply un-American. I will fight this action with every fiber of my being.
As we face challenges and uncertainty around the globe, it makes no sense to turn your back to progress, to ignore the pleas of our allies, and to disregard wise counsel and hard core facts.  The price of peace is persistence, but the cost of war is always too high.
To this very day, experts and allies agree that the agreement was working to prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons.
Iran cannot have nuclear weapons—but the United States must be a headlight and not a taillight, leading the world on the path to peace through the hard, necessary work of diplomacy.
Nearly 3 years ago, I supported the agreement after constant study, briefings, and discussions. During the debate on the House Floor, I warned that we could not let the perfect be the enemy of the good in the quest for nonviolence, especially when the alternative is nonexistence.
Never before has the credibility of the United States been so undermined by a gross failure to honor our commitments.
It is a sad and dark hour for our nation and the global family.  This administration’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) is a major blow to all those working to bring peace to the world community.
I believe we have a right to know what is in the water we drink, the food we eat, and the air we breathe. On this #EarthDay, we must resolve to do all that we can to leave this planet we call Earth a little cleaner and a little greener for generations yet unborn. #goodtrouble
To the young people speaking up and speaking out today, my heart is with you. Keep walking and keep marching all the way to the polls in November. You will change America. #NationalSchoolWalkout
I was saddened by the passing of Rev. F.D. Reese. I first met Rev. Reese in 1963 on my first trip to Selma. He helped create the climate for the Voting Rights Act. I’m terribly sorry for his loss, not just for Selma or the state of Alabama, but the nation.
RT @HouseDemocrats: Fifty years after the loss of his mentor and friend, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., @RepJohnLewis reminds us that real pr…
50 years ago today, I learned the painful news that my friend, my mentor, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. had been assassinated in Memphis, TN. He was my brother, my leader--that day it felt like something died in all of us.
Sometimes you have to get in trouble--good trouble, necessary trouble--to make a way out of no way.
53 years ago today, we were beaten, tear gassed, trampled by horses, and left bloody on the bridge in Selma. On this anniversary, we cannot rest. We must honor those who gave their lives for the right to vote. We must continue to find a way to get in the way. #goodtrouble
I stand with @Delta
58 years ago today, I was arrested for the first time as a participant in the sit-ins at lunch counters in downtown Nashville. Walking out to the paddy wagons, I tried to walk with a sense of pride dignity. I felt free, I felt liberated. I felt like I crossed over. #goodtrouble
Never has there been a more important time to guarantee that each voice can freely speak up and speak out. We cannot allow a few powerful companies to control what you see and do on the Internet. We must save #NetNeutrality to guarantee a free open internet for all #goodtrouble
.@SpeakerRyan Mr. Speaker, the time for action is now. We know the facts. There are too many guns. How many more children must die? How many more students? How many more teachers? People who are not willing to lead should get out of the way.
It is unbelievable, it is unreal that we consider a bill that turns the clock backwards and strikes a devastating blow in the fight for civil rights.
We are shocked and numb. How many more must die? Our conscience must move us to action. It is time for the American people to demand action from their elected leaders.
This budget seeks to dismantle the social safety net. That is not right, it is not fair, and it is not just. Every person watching should understand that this budget is dangerous and unrealistic.
RT @ClimateReality: It's #BlackHistoryMonth! Did you know @repjohnlewis penned the first-ever environmental justice legislation 26 years ag…
If it hadn’t been for the march from Selma to Montgomery there would probably be no Barack Obama as President. I hope this conversation inspires young people to participate in the democratic process and understand that you too can make a contribution. We all have a role to play.
It is painful to witness firsthand this attack on the remaining pillars of nonpartisan, governance, rules, and procedures, but it is unfathomable and unconscionable to attack our country’s national security personnel and apparatus for political cover and gain.
The frantic, desperate release of this memo leads us down a dangerous path of political spin and accusations instead of thoughtful, responsible, congressional oversight.
I never thought that I would witness the dismantling of the checks and balances of our country, and I never imagined that Republicans would cast aside the national security interests of our nation.
This is a dark hour and a sad day in the history of our nation.  Congress has a constitutional responsibility to protect the goodwill of the United States and to serve as an inspiration to the global community for whom the dream of democracy is a beacon of hope and light.
The movement lost another precious and devoted leader. Wyatt Tee Walker made a major contribution to the liberation and freeing of our nation.
There is no sound more powerful than the marching feet of a determined people. #goodtrouble
Information about Government Shutdown
It was good to be with you, Sen Booker. Thank you for all of your work.
As Dr. King used to say, you have to love the hell out of them. #goodtrouble
Today, Dr. King’s legacy is a guiding light. As we push and pull for a more just and more equal society, Dr King’s campaigns against war, against poverty, against racism show us that love is the universal value of a society at peace with itself. #goodtrouble
He gave his life for us
He went to jail for us. #goodtrouble
He marched for us. #goodtrouble
Dr. King was my friend, my brother, my leader. He was the moral compass of our nation and he taught us to recognize the dignity and worth of every human being. #goodtrouble
The Martin Luther King, Jr. holiday is a day on, not a day off. It is a day of service to our communities, to our brothers and sisters, and to generations yet unborn so that we all may continue Dr. King’s work of building the beloved community. #goodtrouble
If Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was preaching today, he would be speaking the idea that we are one people, one family, one house—the American house and the world house—that we must learn to live together as brothers and sisters, if not we will perish as fools.
I am so proud that we were able to work in a bipartisan, bicameral manner to establish Georgia’s first National Historical Park in Dr. King’s name and legacy before what would be his 89th birthday and the 50th anniversary of his tragic assassination.
Congratulations to @FootballUGA on a hard-won victory. You never gave up, gave in, or gave out. You kept the faith and you kept your eyes on the prize.
Wishing everyone a happy New Year. May we all resolve to live each day with purpose and hope, never forgetting that the way of peace and the way of love is the better way. #goodtrouble
Wishing everyone a happy and safe Christmas holiday.
RT @govtrack: H.R. 267 by @RepJohnLewis passed the House and Senate yesterday. Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park Act of 2017…
RT @NFLPA: .@4ocho is working alongside @repjohnlewis on Capitol Hill to push for progress. If you’re looking for a similar experience this…
I don’t understand why this Congress refuses to stand up to help young people and children. Failing to protect undocumented youth or reauthorize CHIP is cruel and inhumane. These young people are our future and they deserve better.
Yesterday taxpayers stood up and spoke out against Republicans lining the pocket of their donors by any means necessary. Did you hear their cries? Can you feel their pain? You did not, Mr. Speaker. You chose to turn a deaf ear and a blind eye. This bill is a shame and a disgrace.
I’ve said on many occasions that you cannot get blood from a turnip, and you cannot justify robbing poor Peter to pay billionaire Paul. I urge all of my colleagues to be on the right side of history and to vote against this bill.
Working and middle class families, the sick, the elderly, and generations yet unborn will bear the burden of this reckless act.
I oppose this conference report with every bone in my body. This tax bill is a $2.3 trillion holiday gift for Wall Street, the rich, and the wealthy. Conceived in darkness and birthed with the help of donors and funders. This bill is not for the people. It is not tax reform.
Today is the last day of #OpenEnrollment so do your part. Take care of yourself. Take care of your family. Sign up and get covered today.
I believe a free and open internet is part of the foundation of a modern democracy. It is plain wrong that the @FCC wants to end Title II Net Neutrality protection. It is yet another attack on those attempting to bring about the beloved community. #netneutrality
Congratulations Senator-elect Doug Jones! I look forward to working with you.
We've lost two reporters this week who will be remembered by history as giants in their field--one white, one black. Roy Reed Simeon Booker covered the civil rights movement and made a lasting contribution to our understanding of America's capacity for change.
Today is a day to get in #goodtrouble. Alabama, go out there and vote.
The vote is precious, almost sacred. Friends of mine paid the ultimate price so that every person can vote their conscience. As a native of Alabama, I ask you to do your part. Honor their sacrifice. Vote.
Take care of yourself. Take care of your family. Spread the word and help make sure everyone in your community signs up and gets covered by December 15th. #Souls2Enroll
President Trump’s attendance and his hurtful policies are an insult to the people portrayed in this civil rights museum. After President Trump departs, we encourage all Mississippians and Americans to visit this historic civil rights museum.
Many constituents asked for resources to better understand the unconventional tax legislation process. My staff has created helpful resources and timelines to follow.
36.7 million people are living with HIV globally. This #WorldAIDSDay, Congress should renew our commitment to ensuring everyone has access to treatment care. Everyone must get tested and know their status. Together we can #EndAIDS2030
62 years ago today, Rosa Parks stood up for what is right, what is fair, and what is just, by sitting down on a Montgomery city bus and refusing to give up her seat to a white passenger. Her actions took raw courage and helped ignite a movement. #goodtrouble
@lilianachanler That's very good. Send me a request and my staff will be in touch.
Wishing everyone a happy and safe Thanksgiving holiday.
Thirty years ago, I was elected to fight for and to serve the people of my district. Today, they are calling and begging for us to slow down and to do this the right way.
You cannot hide the truth from the sick, the elderly, the disabled for whom this bill may mean life or death. All taxpayers expect, demand, and deserve better – much better -- than legislation, which puts politics before the good of the people.
This bill is a shame and a disgrace.
Remember, #OpenEnrollment is happening now. Take care of yourself. Take care of your family. #GetCovered #ACA
RT @votevets: Today, @repjohnlewis proposed an amendment to delay tax cuts until the U.S. has withdrawn from all wars and eliminates its de…
RT @foe_us: Today @repjohnlewis offered amendment to tax bill to protect the #JohnsonAmendment—a move that would keep churches from becomin…
The vote is precious, almost sacred. It is the most powerful nonviolent tool or instrument in a democratic society. Use it. #ElectionDay
I was beaten, left bloody and unconscious so that every American has the right to vote. Friends of mine gave their lives. Do your part. Vote
This spiteful, irresponsible tax cut is not worth the paper on which it is written.
Away from the cameras, Congressional Republicans will quietly begin to cut safety net programs to pay for their massive, corporate tax cut.
After this markup, after the winners pocket their rewards, the spotlight will move on. Every person in this room knows what will happen next
Most importantly, how can you bury your head in the sand when there are grave issues facing our country?
How can you attack immigrant children and DREAMers in a way that is just plain mean and heartless?
How can you target the sick, the elderly, and the disabled?
How can we punish teachers who are just trying to buy supplies for their classrooms?
This tax cut legislation does not make the tax code any simpler or any fairer. This bill is a slap in the face to real people.
We must do more than mourn and pray for those murdered in Texas. We must act.
#OpenEnrollment begins today. Take care of yourself. Take care of your family. #GetCovered #ACA
RT @ACLU: More than 200 members of Congress filed briefs with SCOTUS today in support of Charlie and David, a same-sex couple refused servi…
Happy Birthday, Madame President @HillaryClinton
RT @SIGTARP: .@repjohnlewis on SIGTARP audit of @GA_DCA: “Time and time again, the agency failed to reach Georgia
I thank Christy Goldsmith Romero, @SIGTARP, and everyone on her team for responding to repeated calls for accountability and justice.
Struggling homeowners deserved government officials willing to do all they could to help homeowners recover.
RT @AndrewGoodmanF: .@repjohnlewis reflects on the 1962 summer he spent in Cairo via @thesouthern #CivilRights
We have a moral obligation to do all that we can to end gun violence in America.
We were elected to lead. Have courage. Have the raw courage to make a down-payment on ending gun violence in America. We cannot wait.
Don’t tell me this is about anything other than greed and money and fear. #GunViolence
Don’t tell me this is about protecting the Second Amendment when you won’t stand up for the First Amendment.
If this were a fire, we would bring water. If this were a virus, we would send medicine. If this were a storm, we would give shelter.
After Newtown, after Aurora, after Charleston and Orlando and now Las Vegas, how many more must die? What is your blood price?
This Congress has failed the American people. #GunViolence
Reminder: If your DACA expires before 3/5/2018, renewal requests must be received by this Thursday, October 5.
The young people kneeling today are following a long tradition. #TakeAKnee #goodtrouble
During another period, we knelt. There is nothing wrong with kneeling down to stand up against injustice. It’s protected by the Constitution
Love and help one another. Be informed. Be prepared. Stay safe. #HurricaneIrma
Each and every person has a mission, a mandate, and a moral obligation to speak up stand up for those left out left behind. #goodtrouble
54 years ago today we led a peaceful, orderly, nonviolent march through the streets of Washington.
52 years ago today, the Voting Rights Act of 1965 was signed into law by President Lyndon Johnson. We must defend and restore the VRA.
We are grateful for their service and sacrifice, and most importantly, we will stand for their rights, just as they have stood for ours.
I stand with our transgender service members, and I pray that they will not lose heart. They must know that we love them. We respect them.
I fought too long to end discrimination based on race and color to allow discrimination based on gender identity to be considered acceptable
56 years ago today I was released from Parchman Penitentiary after being arrested in Jackson, MS for using a "white" restroom. #goodtrouble
49 years ago today, Robert F. Kennedy was murdered by a man with a gun. I cried, heaving as if something burst inside me, asking "Why??"
The decision to withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord is a threat to the planet. A great nation should lead and be unafraid.
I often think of the words of President Kennedy, “One person can make a difference, and everyone should try.” #JFK100
Today we all remember those that served and those that gave the last full measure of devotion.
The press have a right to do their job free from harassment, intimidation, or physical violence.
The Republican healthcare plan is a shame and a disgrace. It must be stopped.
RT @RosLehtinen: This Nat'l Foster Care Month, I'm joining @repjohnlewis on bill 2 allow qualified + devoted #LGBT parents give a safe + st…
Sometimes you have to get in the way and get in good trouble, necessary trouble, to make a way out of noway. #goodtrouble
RT @Yale: John R. Lewis receives Honorary Doctor of Laws #Yale2017 @repjohnlewis
Honored to give the commencement @MSMEDU and receive an honorary doctorate. Congratulations to all the graduates. We need your service.
Ending Title II Net Neutrality protection is wrong. It is yet another attack on those attempting to bring about the beloved community.
We have seen dark days in our democracy, but the path to a brighter future is paved with the protections of a free and open public dialogue.
We used what we had to bring about a nonviolent revolution in America. And there is another revolution coming.
During the Civil Rights Movement, we didn’t have a website, we didn’t have a cell phone, we didn't even have a fax machine.
We cannot allow a few powerful companies control what you see and do on the Internet.
Never has there been a more important time to guarantee that each voice can freely speak up and speak out.
The fight to save Title II Net Neutrality protection is about guaranteeing every citizen’s right to dissent.
RT @wabenews: Rep. John Lewis Meets Ga. Constituents At Meet-And-Greet
RT @AndreDCSD: This is how you reach kids. @DeKalbSchools @repjohnlewis
An independent prosecutor must be appointed to investigate collusion with Russia during the 2016 presidential election.
The firing of FBI Director James Comey reminds me of another dark period in America's history.
Join me on Monday, May 15th at 5:30pm for a meet and greet at the Georgia International Convention Center.
RT @CongressionalAC: Any soccer fans out there? Check out what @repjohnlewis' App Challenge winner created #SportsTech #STEM #HouseOfCode h…
Those who are sick will suffer, and some of them will die. This is a shame and a disgrace. May God have mercy on us all.
If this bill becomes law, at least 24 million Americans who can see their doctors today will be turned away tomorrow.
Never have I seen legislative action that reveals such clear disdain for the human dignity of the most vulnerable among us.
The House Republican bill, H.R. 1628, does not rescue health care. It is an attack on the poor, the sick, the elderly, and the disabled.
56 years ago today, I was one of 13 original participants who set out on the Freedom Rides to end segregated buses in America. #goodtrouble
It was good to participate in the Inman Park Parade today and see many of my young and not so young constituents.
We have a moral obligation to leave this planet we call Earth a little cleaner and a little greener for generations yet unborn. #EarthDay
I am deeply honored and very grateful for this recognition.
