Today, we passed legislation to end the culture of corruption in Washington and reduce the role of money in politics.It’s past time that public servants get back to serving the public.Proud to support this historic piece of
This was the line outside of the House Judiciary hearing about protecting DREAMers and TPS recipients. I went outside to meet some of them who flew all the way from California just to make their voices heard. We hear you.
Proud to stand with Congressman @BobbyScott in supporting a LIVING wage. It’s time to #raisethewage.
This week, the House Judiciary Committee held hearings on protecting #DREAMers and TPS holders, the Violence Against Women Act AND unveiled an investigation into the threats against the rule of law.  When Democrats are in the majority, we get things done.
The Secretary of Homeland Security came to Congress yesterday to say that children were never placed in cages. When I visited the border, I saw children in cages. I saw pregnant women in cages. I saw grandparents in cages. She lied.
The Violence Against Women Act provides resources to save lives by assisting women, men and kids as they flee abuse and heal from trauma.With this bill, women have stood up for themselves -- for men and for their children -- and have said NO MORE.Proud to introduce this bill.
At least 3 of the 7 bullets that killed Stephon Clark while he was UNARMED in his grandmother’s backyard hit him in his back. How is it that in our “justice” system, no one is punished?
The Trump administration has a coherent policy to punish parents and children and have that be a deterrent so that people won't come across the border. We've just scratched the surface on oversight. We will get to the bottom of it. The American people will know.
Many in my district who have been unable to see their family members for decades because of international conflict. This reunification should be a humanitarian priority of immediate concern, especially now as the talks with North Korea expand. 2/2
Yesterday, while Trump met with the Dictator of North Korea, I met with Kyung Joo Lee, who escaped from North Korea when he was 18.He hasn’t seen his family since. 1/
Every day, people across this country are taking it upon themselves to organize and engage in community-based efforts to reduce gun violence.  It's about time Congress matches their courage with action. Proud to vote YES on #BackgroundChecks. More to come.
RT @mwdh2o: Board Chairwoman Gloria Gray met with several California legislators today as part of the #ACWADCConf to discuss #CAwater issue…
In our domestic child welfare system, the best interests of a child are determined by a social worker and a judge. Border Patrol officers are not trained to do this. They are not social workers. The family separation policy at our border is a stain on this country's history.
Congrats Spike!!
I wish Donald Trump and Mike Pence were as serious about regulating guns as they are about regulating women’s
This week, the Judiciary Committee will hold a hearing on family separation and the House of Representatives will vote on background checks, closing the Charleston Loophole, and to disapprove of Trump’s Emergency Declaration.Oversight and legislation are not mutually exclusive.
#BlackHistoryMonth is important because it’s an opportunity to lift up contributions that Black Americans have made.I long for the day when it’s not needed because we are fully incorporated into US history but we're not there yet. There's no US history without Black history.
Proud to cosponsor this resolution standing up against Trump’s FAKE national emergency. On Tuesday we vote.
One of the prosecutors that negotiated a deal for the multimillionaire Jeffrey Epstein, who spent just 13 MONTHS in jail despite being accused of trafficking underage girls and personally abusing scores of young victims, is now Trump's Secretary of Labor.That's wrong.
Nearly 40,000 Americans died last year as a result of gun violence. That’s not a pattern – that’s an epidemic. Next week, Congress will vote to require background checks on all firearm sales. Change is here.
No matter when the report comes out, Robert Mueller’s investigation must be protected. The American people deserve the
Trump made an entire committee to find voter fraud. Now that we see one of the biggest instances of fraud and disenfranchisement came from his side, I wonder if he’ll still see it as a
RT @OfficialCBC: Access to the ballot = a VOICE. #GiveUsTheBallot
RT @CapehartJ: ‘Go ahead and have the theater’: Karen Bass knows there’s no national emergency
The shooter in Aurora was not supposed to have a gun. These people did not have to die. This week, Congress took the first step in nearly a decade to reduce gun violence by requiring background checks. We must continue our work to make America safer.
This delay impacts the millions of registered voters who traveled many miles to vote.I hope this delay does not impact voter turnout or harm the credibility and legitimacy of the election, as the postponement could impact local, regional, and international observation missions.
Thankful for the first responders yesterday in Illinois. My heart is with the Aurora community and the families of those who were killed.
These are just some of the real crises confronting America. This is a fake solution to a fake crisis and we must stand firm in keeping the nation focused on the real issues impacting Americans. 2/2
There are families who can’t make ends meet because their wages are too low. Citizens are being denied equal access at the ballot box because of voter suppression. We have a justice system that still treats you better if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent. 1/
Today is the 1 year anniversary of the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. Today, we honor the victims, we honor their families, and we honor their comminuty. #NeverAgain
Last night, I voted to require background checks for all gun sales in the US.The bill passed and will soon receive a final vote before the House of Representatives.This is the first time in nearly a decade that we are moving forward on real reform. We are keeping our promise.
RT @OfficialCBC: Whether an immigrant is a Grammy-nominated artist or a line cook, living in a country where a minor traffic violation can…
Indentured servants from Africa? You know better.
If you are referring to the Trail of Tears, the forced relocation of Native Americans that more than 4,000 people died during, this is a disgusting continuation of hate.
A pleasure to sit down with @RepPressley and discuss the importance of #blackhistorymonth. This is #ourstory.
RT @TheBeatWithAri: Matt Whitaker's "overall strategy was to run out the clock""He was incredibly arrogant and disrespectful, especially…
The ongoing crisis and violence taking place in Cameroon is something that deserves the attention of the world.
When we give millions of dollars to law enforcement and to prisons to solve the problem of gun violence, we need to include far more dollars for community-based solutions that are run by the people who actually live in those communities. Thank you @dianekob for all you do.
Yesterday I voted to direct the removal of US Armed Forces from hostilities in Yemen that have not been authorized by Congress.It’s time to end an unconstitutional military engagement.
The #SOTU was a clear example of the fact that after 2 years on the job, Trump doesn't understand that Congress is a coequal branch of government and that one of our responsibilities is oversight. It was a juvenile response to serious investigations.
We’re working on a robust, proactive and positive agenda that we’re going to fight for over these next few years. As for these investigations? He’s going to see very quickly that we can walk and chew gum at the same time.
Words in last night’s #SOTU: more than 5,000Words about guns: 0The House Judiciary Committee is holding an entire HEARING on gun violence right now for the first time in years. Every day, 100 Americans are killed with guns. Our voices will not be silent. #EnoughisEnough
RT @MadisonSiriusXM: I appreciate @RepKarenBass joining me EARLY this morning to talk about President Trump and #SOTU2019. As she made clea…
RT @CNNTonight: "I think that every day that passes, it's even more reason that he should step down," says Rep. Karen Bass about Virginia G…
RT @politico: "Black women in the United States are typically paid sixty-one cents for every dollar paid to a white man. But instead of cre…
RT @OfficialCBC: Tonight, the President again came to the halls of Congress and ironically attempted to push an agenda of unity. 1/
RT @lindafader: Rep. Karen Bass is holding a Telephone Town Hall right now with 10,000 people from my district participating. Grateful. @Re…
RT @RandyRNB: Almost 10,000 people on the line! @RepKarenBass answering array of thoughtful questions, providing facts action plans on th…
RT @DeneaRandeen: Currently on my Congress woman, @RepKarenBass’ constituent town hall and she just said, “DACA recipients need to be provi…
One part where Trump was right tonight: There are more than 100 women in Congress now and he can take a bit of credit for that...#StateoftheUnion2019
The state of our paychecks is unequal. The state of our health is not well. The state of our freedom is under attack. But the state of our voice? The state of our voice is powerful. #StateOfTheBlackWoman
She sat so we could stand. Happy birthday Rosa Parks. #BlackHistoryMonth #OurStory
By staying in office and continuing this pain, Governor Northam is showing that he really doesn’t understand the severity of what he did.
RT @asmamk: "I think that what the Democratic party is doing is demonstrating consistency. We called for his resignation, he's a Democratic…
The idea that we did not have problems in the 2018 election and that all the testimony was just an exaggeration is an embarrassment. The former members of the White House’s voter suppression committee that testified last week should be ashamed of themselves.
Some children may never see their parents again — and then what? Will they languish in foster care, become too old for foster care and then be forgotten? The Trump administration MUST find and reunite these families.
RT @EBONYMag: .@RepKarenBass noted that during the last Congressional session, the @OfficialCBC had a major victory in securing millions of…
Governor Northam seeming willing to moonwalk at his press conference until his wife stopped him shows he still does not understand the seriousness of his actions. He needs to go.
RT @MeetThePress: FULL INTERVIEW: @RepKarenBass and @RepMcEachin of the Congressional Black Caucus join #MTP to discuss Gov. Ralph Northam'…
RT @MeetThePress: .@RepKarenBass on Northam: "I think he's been completely dishonest and disingenuous," he could have come clean and talked…
RT @chucktodd: Appearing as if he was about to moonwalk at his press conference shows Northam "still does not understand the seriousness of…
Michelle embodies what it meant to be a public servant. She will be missed and her legacy will be remembered. My thoughts are with her friends and family during this difficult time.
What we’re learning from last night’s filing is what we’d suspected all along: the Trump administration has NO IDEA how many kids they separated and they have NO IDEA where they are.
RT @MeetThePress: TOMORROW: Congressional Black Caucus Chair @RepKarenBass, Congressional Black Caucus Whip Rep. @Donald_McEachin, @SenSher…
An apology now isn’t enough. Resign.
I will feel very sorry for Congressman Langevin when his team loses. I look forward to celebrating a Rams victory this weekend and I think I’m joined by almost everyone in this country outside of New England when I say that. #RamsHouse
RT @bravenewfilms: Watch @RepKarenBass, @vanitaguptaCR, and @Sifill_LDF school voter suppressors at the House Judiciary Committee’s hearing…
Congress has an important role to play in foreign policy across the continent of Africa and I am honored to serve as Chair of this subcommittee.
Climate change isn’t a belief. It’s not a supposition. It’s not a myth. Climate change is real and we need to get serious about acting on it before it’s too late.
There was a Honduran mother that was reunited with her child THIS WEEK after being separated at our border. The mother was told that she would have to pay $4,000 to see her kid.Whoever separated these families should have to pay to reunite them. Period.
Over the past 8 years, I’ve had to sit through hearings investigating texts, emails and conspiracy theories. Next week, the House Judiciary Committee will hold a hearing on gun violence prevention. Change is coming.
Using your governmental authority to purge more than 100,000 people from voter rolls during an election that you're running in is NOT called reasonable list maintenance. That's called voter suppression.
RT @RepGregoryMeeks: Democracy only works when there's a consensus on the democratic institutions that facilitate it. @RepKarenBass and I h…
Today on International Holocaust Remembrance Day #weremember the millions who were murdered and the millions more who were displaced. Today we honor them when we say #neveragain.
.@SpeakerPelosi should give the State of the Union since she's obviously the one running the country.
The thing that’s the most ironic about this shutdown is that Trump says the reason for it is border security. We have people at the border who aren’t being paid. We have TSA agents who aren’t getting paid. These are the very people that are supposed to keep us safe.
Great to see the one and only Stacey Abrams today. The movement continues!
Even if we give Trump all the money in the world, he won't be able to build his wall because of eminent domain. This land isn't just there for the taking.For those suffering from this shutdown, let me apologize to you. There is no reason for any of this.
In December, Congress passed a bill to establish a system for evaluating inmates to determine who could be released early without threatening public safety.Because of the government shutdown, this process has been delayed. Justice cannot wait. Reopen the government.
Limiting the number of those able to serve makes our military weaker. Limiting the number of those able to serve on account of their gender identity makes our moral code weaker.
The federal agency that provides programs to help with housing has been shut down for 32 days now.It’s not just those suffering from houselessness that are being affected -- it’s also those who are just one incident away from living on the streets.
It was because of the work Dr. King did in the civil rights movement that led me to make a commitment to continue that legacy of fighting for social economic justice.
If we solely remember Dr. King, we fail him. If we HONOR his Dream, he lives. We are still marching. We will still win. #MLKDay
There are 800,000 federal workers without paychecks and countless families that depend on food stamps that don’t know when they’ll be able to afford their next grocery trip as a result of the government being shut down. That’s the REAL crisis.
Trump should realize he will never satisfy the extremists. He should take the deal he originally agreed to in December so that we can finally reopen the government.
RT @Elex_Michaelson: .@RepKarenBass joins us on “The Issue Is:” tonight! We discuss the Mueller investigation, government shutdown, MLK D…
I'll be on "The Issue Is:" with @Elex_Michaelson at 10:30 PM west coast time tonight to talk about the shutdown and much more. Tune in to @FOXLA!
The person Trump is hoping to confirm as the new head of the Department of Justice has written one memo calling a part of the Mueller investigation “fatally misconceived” and one that was TITLED “The Case for More Incarceration.”
To this day, I do not believe that ANYONE knows how many children were actually separated and that some of these kids will never see their families
The morning after news breaks that Trump may have obstructed justice by telling his lawyer to lie to Congress, he decides another caravan is coming. Predictable. Dangerous. Didn’t work.
With the government shut down, there is no guarantee about when the nearly 39 million Americans that depend on food stamps will next receive another payment to help them buy groceries. This is a disgrace.
Kids need textbooks. Families need relief from the opioid crisis. Millions need help with their student loans. Meanwhile, Trump is focused on shutting the government down and spending $5 billion on a wall.
RT @NAACP: "The entire nation can see the power of black women." - @RepKarenBass Tonight's conversation was dynamic! Hear what Congresswo…
The state of our union is in an unnecessary crisis that has left us unsafe. Unless the President agrees to open the government, a written speech is more appropriate so hundreds of secret service members will not have to work without pay preparing the Capitol for his visit.
Yesterday, my office learned of a reported terrorist attack in Nairobi, Kenya. I stand with the people of Kenya against this senseless act of
RT @OfficialCBC: "Steve King has been making statements like this for years, it's just now, in this atmosphere, he feels completely embolde…
For those affected by today’s strike, here’s a list of helpful resources that include extended hours at rec centers, expanded library programming, and free transportation. Learn more
“So I will take the mantle. I will be the one to shut it down.” - Donald Trump before he shut down the government. This shutdown is now the longest shutdown in US history.
If Republicans really believe these racist statements have no place in our government, then their party must offer more than shallow temporary statements of condemnation.
There has been an absence of justice for Gemmel Moore and now, Timothy Dean has paid for that mistake with his life.
Legal representation for children and families is critical in child welfare courts. Thanks to a new Children’s Bureau interpretation, states and IV-E Tribes will be reimbursed 50% of the cost of legal services for a child, parent, or the agency.
Today is the 19th day that Trump has kept the government shut down because of his wall.Here are 19 times he said Mexico would pay for it.
These aren’t partisan issues, they affect Americans everywhere. We just happen to be the ones who care.
One by one, we’re going to pass bills to open parts of the government that have NOTHING to do with the wall. We’re going to pass bills to prevent families from losing their food stamps, to provide help for families who are at risk of being evicted, and to preserve our parks.
Today, I’ll be voting YES on a resolution ensuring Congress is doing all we can to protect coverage for people with pre-existing conditions and to protect the ability of young people to remain on their parents’ insurance until age 26. #ProtectOurCare
Last night's address continued a shameful and cruel political stunt that has left 800,000 people without paychecks. It's a scandal.
Here’s my response to the fearmongering that just came out of the Oval Office.
8 years ago today, 24 people were shot outside of a Safeway in Tucson, Arizona. Today, I’m proud to support legislation to help prevent gun violence and keep our communities safe. It’s long past time Congress acted on this issue. Today’s the day.
I get on an airplane about 100 times per year. Lately, I’ve had to stop at security to apologize to TSA officers there because their paychecks are being held hostage for a border wall that most Americans oppose.Their families need to eat. Trump should reopen the government NOW.
The lie the Trump administration has been telling about terrorists coming across the southern border is not harmless – it’s left 800,000 people without a paycheck.
I strongly condemn the coup attempt in Gabon. The rule of law must be respected and any transition must be in line with the country’s constitution.
If this shutdown continues, we may have millions of people who are not able to afford food. I think this is just absolutely unconscionable.
Throughout this whole shutdown to make us “safer” with a wall, who isn’t getting paid? Border patrol officers and TSA officers.
RT @CNNSotu: Good Morning! Today on #CNNSOTU w/ @JakeTapper: Acting WH Chief of Staff @MickMulvaneyOMB, @SenDougJones, @RepAdamSchiff, @Rep…
This week, I read about a mother whose son died because he had no choice but to ration his insulin because he couldn’t afford more. In the richest country in the world.This shutdown is nonsense, let’s get the government back open so that we can get to work #ForThePeople.
Standing with my colleagues this morning in front of the Capitol. It’s time to get to work for the people!
Honored to have been sworn in as 26th Chair of the Congressional Black Caucus today.We will fight fiercely against hate.We will not retreat and allow our past victories to be erased.We will exercise every ounce of our power and influence to continue the fight for justice.
Just voted for Nancy Pelosi to be Speaker of the House of Representatives.#ForThePeople
Tomorrow, the House of Representatives is going to pass legislation that will reopen the government if Trump signs it. That’s what new leadership in Congress looks like. Welcome to 2019.
RT @rolandsmartin: We are back live on @TJMShow tomorrow! I’ll be talking to new @OfficialCBC Chair @RepKarenBass about the @realDonaldTrum…
At midnight, the Violence Against Women Act will have been without funding for 10 days.
This year we hosted resource fairs ranging from help with the #GOPTaxScam to preventing scams targeting the elderly. Sign up to get an email about upcoming events in your neighborhood here:
It’s long past time Congress take the health and economic consequences of airplane noise seriously. There was progress made in the passage of the FAA Reauthorization package but there’s still more work to be done. We need #QuietSkies.
This year the Congressional Caucus on Foster Youth brought more than 100 current and former foster youth from across the country to DC to shadow their Members of Congress. Our goal is to raise #FosterYouthVoices. More:
This year, I went down to McAllen, Texas to see for myself what has happening at our border. What I saw there was what I still believe to be a human rights abuse. Below is a family I met that was separated and then reunited.
From reinstating funding for AIDS prevention and relief, to ensuring that pregnant women are not shackled in prison as they are giving birth, I’ve worked with my colleagues to pass important legislation in 2018. More to come!
Here’s what Congress should be focusing on instead of keeping the government shut down over a $5 billion wall:- Lowering the cost of health care - Protecting the environment  - Increasing wages- Investigating deaths at our border
There are families who have lost 100% of their income because Trump shut down the government last week. There’s been ZERO real effort by Republicans to reopen the government ever since. In January, that all changes.
Cheryl Johnson's decades of public service and commitment to strengthening our nation's institutions make her an excellent choice to serve as the next Clerk of the House of Representatives. I look forward to working alongside her in the 116th
At midnight tonight, the government will have been shut down for a week straight. That’s a week of 800,000 workers going without pay and a week of delayed home loan applications during one of the worst housing crises in L.A.’s history.
An 8-year-old boy has died at our border. On Christmas.
I hope everyone celebrating today has a day filled with joy, peace and love. From my family to yours - Merry Christmas!
The Violence Against Women Act provided funding for rape crisis centers, shelters and legal-assistance programs. It’s been without funding for three days now. On January 3rd, we take Congress back.
The idea that a woman needs to be shackled at the end of her pregnancy or while she is giving birth is ridiculous, brutal and inhumane. On Friday, the #FirstStepAct was signed into law to stop this from happening in federal prisons.
The below was just sent around to me and other Members of Congress. As of now, it looks like Republicans will keep the government shut down until AT LEAST Thursday.Despicable.
RT @csmonitor: The incoming head of the Congressional Black Caucus talks with the Monitor about investigating the president, protecting vot…
Every time there’s a bad news cycle, Trump does something erratic. This week:- The Defense Secretary resigned- The stock market had the worst week in 10 years- Trump had to hire his 3rd Chief of Staff in 2 yearsSo what does he do? Shuts the government down for no reason.
RT @MHarrisPerry: "The richest country in the history of the world should be able to ensure that its people can afford health insurance. He…
The shutdown that started 13 hours ago is impacting the processing speed of loans from the Federal Housing Administration AND the payment of public housing agencies.This as LA goes through one of the WORST housing crises in its history. Unacceptable.
380,000 federal workers will now be put on leave without pay just 4 days before Christmas. Republicans control the House, the Senate AND the White House and they just shut the government down. Again.
RT @ELLEmagazine: Karen Bass Is Leading the Congressional Black Caucus Into the Future
She asked me for my 2019 New Year’s resolution: Organize  Organize OrganizeThanks again for having me on!
One day after Trump says that we “defeated” ISIS in Syria, the Defense Secretary quits. It’s clear there is no strategy and there is no plan. Just
Our criminal justice system shackles pregnant inmates. Can you imagine being shackled to a gurney while giving birth because someone is concerned that you might escape?It's barbaric.It’s also about to be banned in federal prisons. Voting yes on the #FirstStepAct.
We cannot continue to execute our foreign policy strategy one flippant tweet at a time.
The first step in the school-to-prison pipeline is over-discipline in grade school. This takes a conscious step to enforce that cycle. On January 3rd, Congress returns to the people.
I support the #GreenNewDeal and the committee.
Reports are coming out that @HEBobiwine may be in danger in Uganda. Stifling freedom of speech and expression and arbitrary arrests have no place in a democracy.
The housing crisis in Los Angeles must be stopped. Make sure you know your
You can’t “believe” in climate change, it’s not an ideology. It's science. Climate change is real. 
6 years ago today, 20 children and 6 adults were murdered at Sandy Hook Elementary School. Today we remember. In January, we honor their memory with action.
PEPFAR is perhaps one of the most impactful single initiatives when it comes to public health and saving lives across the globe. Thankful for the bipartisan effort to continue the program.
Being Black in America and sitting in a hallway should not be punished by having your ONE YEAR OLD CHILD violently ripped from your arms.
We need criminal justice reform that focuses on how women get into the system, how they are treated in jail, and what happens when they’re released.Until then, cases like this will continue and girls like Cyntoia will spend their lives in a cell.#FreeCyntoiaBrown
Great news! If Mexico’s already paying for the wall, you don’t need $5 billion, which means Congress should come together, right now, and pass the bills to keep the government open so that we can all go home.
3 years for Trump’s personal lawyer who committed tax fraud, violated campaign finance laws and lied to Congress. There are young Black boys and young Black girls serving longer sentences for drug possession or theft. Our criminal justice system is broken.
They asked me if the wall could be viewed as an infrastructure plan.Building the border wall isn’t an infrastructure plan. We have bridges that have collapsed. We need to improve our roads, our highways, and our ports. Those are the projects that will create jobs #forthepeople.
RT @TheBeatWithAri: "I find it ironic that my Republican colleagues who often wave the flag of law and order are now all of the sudden gett…
Trump wants $5 billion for his border wall. First of all, that’s A LOT of money that could be going towards programs that will actually work and help people. Second of all, what happened to Mexico paying for it?
Bill Barr defended laws that made prison sentences for crack harsher than cocaine and called the notion that there were victims of our criminal justice system a ‘myth’. He has contributed to mass incarceration. This is NOT who we need as Attorney
RT @PoliticsNation: Up next @RepKarenBass only on #PoliticsNation
Know someone without health insurance? Make sure they know that they have until January 15th to enroll in a @CoveredCA plan and #getcovered!
.@AliVelshi thanks for raising the issue of criminal justice reform but how about talking to an expert on the issue like Bryan Stevenson of @eji_org? He can explain what @MeekMill was talking about.
Many of the children separated from their families at the border will eventually end up in our foster care system. If they’re in the system long enough, parental rights will be terminated and the kids will be put up for adoption with no hope of ever seeing their families again.
Las personas mayores son importantes. Es por ellos que estoy organizando una feria de recursos con @RepRoybalAllard este sábado. Vamos a proporcionar recursos a nuestros mayores y aquellos que los apoyan. Regístrese aquí:
When we talk about criminal justice reform, it’s often about men. A woman’s experience is completely different – how they get trapped in the system in the first place, their experience in jail (especially #PregnantWomenInCustody), and what happens when they go back home.
These are human rights violations. About to go on @Morning_Joe to discuss priorities for next Congress. This is definitely one of
The mural on Crenshaw was restored soon after it was vandalized. The people will always win. Thank you, Enkone!
Wisconsin Republicans are very close to limiting the right to vote and taking away health coverage from low income families. This isn’t a punishment for incoming Democrats, this is an assault on the people of Wisconsin.
You could buy more than 187 million textbooks for $5 billion.
We can’t wait until January, we need a hearing on the conduct of this campaign NOW. We have fought too hard and come too far to standby now as votes are STOLEN from senior citizens and communities of color. We shall
With every day that goes by, we get closer to the truth. Robert Mueller’s investigation must be protected now more than
Without action, funding for the Violence Against Women Act will expire on December 21st. I wonder how the 35 incoming  Democratic women Members of the House of Representatives feel about that…
It is absolutely essential that we modernize the Voting Rights Act in the upcoming
On January 3rd, Adam Schiff gets a gavel, Elijah Cummings gets a gavel and Maxine Waters gets a gavel. Accountability is coming back to Congress.
Seniors matter. That's why I'm hosting a resource fair with @RepRoybalAllard this Saturday to provide resources to our elders and those who support them. RSVP today:
When we take over in January, you’re going to see a lot of oversight and accountability because Republicans have provided absolutely none of that over the past two years. They’re still busy chasing Hillary’s emails.
Happy Hanukkah to all of those lighting the first candle tonight. I hope the Festival of Lights brings joy and warmth! Chag Sameach!
Make sure you’re covered! @CoveredCA is accepting insurance enrollment until January 15th. Make sure you and your family are covered!
Successful U.S-Africa policy hinges on mutual efforts on issues such as global health, education, and disease awareness. This #WorldAIDSDay2018, we must ensure that everyone – including the most vulnerable in the world – have access to education and treatment.
Of the 50+ Members of the @OfficialCBC next Congress, 5 are going to chair full committees and 28 will chair subcommittees.That's power.
RT @hardball: "They can both relate." @RepKarenBass "Pretty sick." @HardballChris "I found that chilling to watch." @IgnatiusPost The…
Live on @hardball. Tune in!
Day 1 is going to be focused on restoring voting rights, combating corruption and lowering health care costs. We’re ready.
When people think of racism like this, they think about some far-off time in some far-off land. But this is today, in South Los Angeles, on Crenshaw. These are swastikas on Black faces. An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us.
I'm so grateful for all of the expressions of good will and support -- I will be honored to receive the gavel in January from Chairman @RepRichmond. I want to thank him for his outstanding leadership of the @OfficialCBC this
The very first thing we are going to do in January is pass legislation to limit the power of big money in politics, stop officials from using their public office for personal gain, and to make it easier, NOT harder, to vote.
What exactly was it that warranted shooting tear gas at this child. What did this child do?
One of the most chilling parts about this report is that it was written well before the fires in California AND Hurricanes Florence and Michael. Those disasters are evidence that we need to act before it’s too late.
African American women are more likely to develop and die from diabetes or lung cancer than other groups. We must commit to combatting the root causes of these disparities in addition to the diseases themselves.#AmericanDiabetesMonth #LungCancerAwarenessMonth
Thomas Farr has ties to white supremacists and has spent his entire career working against civil rights, especially voting rights and the rights of workers. His district court nomination MUST be stopped.
Necesitamos observar cuidadosamente lo que se está haciendo para que los inmigrantes se vean como criminales.No es justo.
You can change your @CoveredCA health plan right now! Don’t have one? You have until January 15th to get one!
There’s so much to be thankful for. I’m in good health, I’m surrounded by friends and family, and I’m able to do the job I love — fighting #forthepeople in DC. I hope everyone has a restful holiday.
.@RepMarciaFudge is a fearless legislator and one of the most respected Members of Congress by both parties. Now that we’ve won the House back, it is more important than ever that House Democrats rally around our leader so that we can begin passing legislation #forthepeople.
I just had an 11-year-old and a 12-year-old ask me questions about private prison funding and education reform at my town hall. This country is ready to change. The future is bright.
This is what working #ForThePeople looks like.
Today on National Adoption Day, we celebrate the families formed by adoption and also pledge to continue to embrace solutions to continue to find safe and loving homes for our nation’s youth.
I’ve worked in LA hospitals and have seen people die because of a lack of insurance. If you don’t have health insurance or want to change your @CoveredCA health plan, you have until January 15th to do so. RT to spread the word. Make sure you #GetCovered!
En enero, un nuevo Congreso comenzará a trabajar. Ahora, ¿qué vamos a hacer?  Acompáñenme este Domingo en una reunión pública para mantenerse informado.
