In this week’s Connecting with Kendra, I talk a little about getting to be chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Space and Aeronautics. #ConnectingwithKendra
Is this bill perfect? No. But overall this legislation improves how our country performs its most critical work. #HR1 (14/14)
The bill would create nonpartisan, independent commissions for each state. You’re supposed to choose us, not the other way around. We shouldn’t let politicians pick and choose which voters get to elect them. #HR1 (13/)
We want to make sure that your voice is just as important as anyone else’s, regardless of how much or how little you have. #HR1 (12/)
This bill would make sure that you can know who is paying for ads you see on TV or Facebook or Twitter. That Is often a secret now! This would keep foreign-controlled companies from making large donations. #HR1 (11/)
I don’t see that requirement as a burden. I’m happy to disclose our donors and expenditures. Dark money groups don’t have to tell you where they got their money, who gave it to them or how they spent it. They shouldn’t get special protections. #HR1 (10/)
I have heard it all across my district: We need to change how Washington works. Outside groups spend billions of dollars to sway policy here. And although members of congress have to disclose every dollar that flows into our campaign accounts, outside groups don’t. #HR1 (9/)
The bill authorizes $1 billion to help states strengthen their security systems. Is that a lot of money? Yes. But again, election access and security are key to our democracy. #HR1 (8/)
We must also ensure our voting systems are secure. Although OK's voter access could improve, our system sets an example for the rest of the country. It is consistent statewide, uses easy-to-read paper ballots and machines that have never been connected to the internet. #HR1 (7/)
Voting limitations like these disproportionately affect our minority communities. Our nation has a long history of disenfranchising people of color. The Voting Rights Act helped address that, but there is still work to do. #HR1 (6/)
Our laws create unnecessary burdens. In OK, we require a notary on all absentee ballots. Our state has no history of absentee ballot fraud. In other states, punishments don’t fit crimes; laws revoke the right to vote even after sentences are completed. #HR1 (5/)
I just got back from the Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage, where we toured some of the most pivotal sites in our nation’s civil rights history. People there died for their right to vote, but there are still Americans who lack this access. #HR1 (4/)
Here is a highlight of what I think is most important. It makes registering to vote easier. It ensures our elections are more secure. It shines a light on outside groups and their money in Washington. And it ensures you pick us, not the other way around. #HR1 (3/)
There is literally nothing more important that we can and should do than ensuring our democracy is protected. The foundation of everything we do – national security, education, everything – is our democratic system. We have to make sure every single citizen has a voice. #HR1 (2/)
Y’all have probably seen a lot about #HR1, also known as the For the People Act of 2019. It’s a big bill with a lot of things in it. I’m supporting it. Here is a thread about why. (1/)
️
RT @AIACOC: Thank you to @RepKendraHorn for taking time to meet with us today to discuss school safety and energy efficiency in buildings.…
RT @RepValDemings: Every American has the right to be safe from domestic and sexual violence, yet Congress allowed the Violence Against Wom…
The expanded protection for Native women in this bill is vital. Four in five Indian and Alaskan Native women have experienced violence, according to the Indian Law Resource Center.
I couldn’t be more proud of my brave colleague, Rep. Katie Porter. She shared her own experience with domestic violence, and explained why supports for every member of the family are vital.
This bill ensures we continue policies that support women and families in crisis. That includes an increase in funding for services. According to the YWCA, Oklahoma serves nearly 18,000 people every year.
I was proud to stand today with survivors, service providers and women and men from both sides of the aisle to introduce the Violence Against Women Act reauthorization. There is nothing partisan about protecting women. #VAWA19
RT @ok_bgc: It was so wonderful to meet @RepKendraHorn! It’s inspirational to meet a legislator who understands that empowering youth to su…
Thanks for having me last night, @Space_Leaders. These young people will oversee the next space revolution. More is happening than ever in space, and Congress has to ensure that we help — steady policy, solid investment and strong support of STEM education.
Thank you to @CapehartJ for the photo.
It was a life-changing, powerful trail that showed how far we’ve come and how far we have left to go.
I can’t express how grateful I am to The Faith Politics Institute, Mr. Lewis and other luminaries that led this year’s Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage, and to my friend Oklahoma Senator George Young for sharing it with us.
This week in 1965, civil rights advocates marched across this bridge fighting for their right to vote. They were beaten, tear gassed. 50 years later, our voting laws are still unjust. Grateful to @repjohnlewis for reminding us of our history that reveals the work we have left.
RT @davidfholt: My first real world political experience was interning for the Oklahoma Fifth District Member of Congress in the DC office…
Looking for an internship? Come work with us!
Clara Luper, Oklahoma‘s civil rights icon, deserves to be a household name. She led the country’s first sit-ins and sacrificed her safety to empower a generation. I was humbled to share her story on the House floor. #BlackHistoryMonth
Yesterday, I got to have my first meet up with fellow Democrats on the House Subcommittee Space and Aeronautics, which I am chairing. I’m so excited about the work we will get to do and to start holding official meetings. We’ll update you on what’s to come soon.
.@GirlScouts is one of my absolute favorite organizations, and it’s not just the Thin Mints. There are few causes closer to my heart than teaching girls to lead. As a fourth-generation scout, I was elated to meet  CEO Sylvia Acevedo in my office today. Keep it up!
I was proud to vote in favor of #HR8, a commonsense policy to address our country’s widespread gun violence. I also sponsored an amendment that creates exceptions for people facing intimate partner violence and domestic abuse. See my speech here
Visiting with the National Indian Gaming Association. Tribal gaming has created jobs and helped tribes invest in access education, health care and economic development. Thrilled to see Chickasaw Lt. Gov. Jefferson Keel and several other neighbors!
So grateful to everyone who came out this afternoon for our community conversation. I love getting to hear from you! We’ll be announcing more events in Oklahoma soon.
RT @AmerGamingAssn: Thank you @LtGovPinnell @TomColeOK04 @RepKendraHorn @choctawnationOK @ChickasawNation @CherokeeNation for joining today…
RT @NASAMoon: Today’s full Moon is also… wait for it… a supermoon! The Moon is close to its perigee, which is the closest point in its orbi…
Just a reminder, we'll be at Ray's Cafe tomorrow morning.
Do you have plans next Saturday? Spend the afternoon with your neighbors and me at a community conversation! We'll be at Oklahoma City Community College's college union building from 2-4 p.m. on the 23rd. See you then!
Here are my comments on the bipartisan border deal vote tonight.
Want to chat? Come get coffee next week.
Contractors and NASA are executing the next generation of exploration: deep space. We need stability — in funding and policy. We can’t let ourselves be pulled back and forth. Exploration cannot be a partisan issue. Honored to speak at the SLS/Orion/EGS Suppliers Conference.
Last year, the US saw a record 33 licensed space launches. In many ways, it’s no longer a conversation about commercial or government space flight, but about the relationship between the two. I’m excited about the future of this industry. Thank you for having me, @csf_spaceflight
It was such an honor to introduce Anna King before she testified to the House Education and Labor Committee today! Anna is a board member for @NationalPTA and has been advocating for #oklaed for more than 20 years. See us here:
Thank you for coming to see us!
I was proud to support our veterans and their families by passing the Veterans’ Access to Child Care Act today. #116thCongress
If you haven’t already, please take a moment to remember our brave space discoverers on NASA’s Day of Remembrance
I just learned about this recent study by @NavyFederal ranking the top 20 U.S. cities for military service members transitioning from active duty to civilian life and established veterans. Proud to see that Oklahoma City ranked #1 on the list!
Here is my statement on the President’s State of the Union address.
I am excited to announce HHS grant funding for Wewoka Public Schools!
RT @RepCunningham: Field trips with my fellow freshmen are the best! Enjoyed learning about national security with @RepColinAllred @RepHoul…
To all the companies in the 5th district that have hired Vets, please apply for the HIRE Vets Medallion Award so we can recognize you for making a commitment to employing our talented military veterans. You can apply for the HIRE Vets Medallion Award at
Congrats to Oklahoma School of Science and Math in OKC and Sequoyah Middle School in Edmond on advancing to the National Finals of the Science Bowl!! I know you will represent our OKC and Edmond communities well. We are all cheering for you! @OSSMedu @SequoyahCougars  #NSB2019
Come grab a cup of coffee and talk with me about what issues are important to you on February 20th at Ray’s Cafe. As your elected official I want to hear from you!
I strongly support the Paycheck Fairness Act so hardworking women are fairly compensated for their work #116thCongress
RT @HouseScience: Congratulations Chair @RepKendraHorn of the Subcommittee on Space and Aeronautics!
Very excited about the opportunity to serve as chair of the Subcommittee on Space and Aeronautics for the Science, Space, and Technology Committee!
Thanks to everyone who showed up this past Saturday for our Community Conversation event. As your Congresswoman, it is extremely important that I know what issues are important to you so I…
I am proud to have announced yesterday the Shutdown To End All Shutdowns Act. The suffering from government shutdowns shouldn’t be felt by those who didn’t cause them. #SEASACT
Here is my statement on joining the Blue Dog Coalition. I am very excited to be a part of this group!
Here are my thoughts on the re-opening of the federal government after this difficult government shutdown
I had the pleasure of hosting my dear friends, @davidfholt and @gtbynum, along with their beautiful families on the Speakers Balcony yesterday. Please come back and visit me again soon!
Come join me at the Cole Community Center in OKC on Saturday from 10am to noon for a community conversation. As your elected official I want to hear from you!
Checkout my interview today with Fox 25 where I discuss the impact this government shutdown is having on the people of the 5th district and my efforts to get the government back up and
I am honored to be a part of the bipartisan Congressional Caucus for Women’s Issues and to have attended the Passing of the Gavel Reception last week to welcome new Members into the…
For today’s Connecting With Kendra I recap my participation yesterday at several OKC events honoring Dr. King and my continued work to open the government. #TuneIn
Thankful to be a part of the celebration honoring Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. yesterday in OKC. Being around the energy and community spirit of the people of the 5th district never fails to…
I met with federal workers over the weekend to learn how the government shutdown has affected them. I have been working, and will continue to work to get the government back up and running
This week I signed a letter to Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos to support student loan borrowers who are affected by the partial government shutdown. More than 800,000 federal employees missed a paycheck last week because of the partial government shutdown.
Check out the @nytimes article from earlier this week highlighting the women of the 116 Congress. I am so humbled and honored to represent Oklahoma along with this amazing group of incredibly talented women.
Hi y’all, tune into my latest Connecting With Kendra! Learn more about my recently announced committee assignment on the House Armed Services Committee. I am very excited to get to serve Oklahomans in this new capacity!
As promised, here’s my first Connecting With Kendra video where I update you on what I’ve been doing in Congress to represent OK-5. Today, I am connecting with you from the statue of iconic Oklahoman, Will Rogers, in the U.S. Capitol Building!
Today, in my inaugural speech on the House floor I discussed the national security and economic impacts of the closure of Oklahoma City’s FAA Mike Moroney Aeronautical Center. The Aeronautical center is one of the ten largest employers in Oklahoma.
Hello Twitter! I am excited to be representing the people of the 5th District of Oklahoma! #MyFirstTweet
