Under Republican leadership, Americans have been given the chance to get back to work. It is important that Democrats do not reverse the upward trend of prosperity created over the last two years.
The Democrat Politician Protection Act (H.R. 1) is a radical attempt to hijack our free and fair election system and limit the voices of the American people.
Today I met with Medical Students representing the @AmerMedicalAssn to discuss a number of issues including drug pricing. Thank you to Abigail Parker from Evansville and Kevin Kuo from Terre Haute for meeting with me.
Today I met with Nate Hahn, the new Executive Director for @FlyEVV. Evansville Regional Airport is one of the fastest growing and most competitive-priced airports in the area, serving #Hoosiers across Southern Indiana. I look forward to working with Nate.
Today I spoke on the House floor against H.R. 1 – the Democrat Politician Protection Act. This legislation is a radical attempt to hijack our free and fair election system and limit the voices of the American people. See my full speech here:
One of my favorite privileges as a Member of Congress is speaking to students. Today I had the opportunity to discuss the legislative process with Hoosiers from @ShepardAcademy, F.J. Reitz High School, and @EVSCHarrison.
Democrats are now trying to reverse the ruling of Chairman Pai’s approach for the same heavy-handed, antiquated regulations that caused the growth of the internet to slow. The Save the Internet Act would fail to close the digital divide—it would only widen it.
Today I met with advocates from @JDRF including Leah Dunigan from Evansville, Indiana. JDRF promotes research and provides support for the 10% of Hoosiers impacted by Type 1 diabetes across the state. Thank you for advocating for an important cause.
RT @housebudgetGOP: Congressman @RepLarryBucshon and @HouseCommerce Health Subcommittee Ranking Member @michaelcburgess explain that one-si…
Today I had the opportunity to speak with Hoosiers from @AOAforDOs including Dora Meyer from Griffin, Indiana. AOA represents more than 122,000 osteopathic physicians and medical students while promoting scientific research and education. Keep up the good work.
Today I toured and met with leadership at @AstraZeneca. Located in Mount Vernon, this facility employs over 600 Hoosiers, making it one of Posey County’s largest employers. Thank you for an informative visit.
Today I attended the Inauguration of the new University of Evansville President Christopher M. Pietruszkiewicz.
House Democrats have taken a massive step towards turning America into a socialist nation by introducing their government-run, one-size-fits-all, single-payer health care
These bills are nothing but a ploy to make it more difficult for law-abiding citizens to purchase firearms and protect themselves and their families.
While well-intended, neither of these bills would solve the problem Washington Democrats are claiming – an end to gun
Today I received the @FRCdc "True Blue" Award, scoring a 100% for Family Research Council Action's 2018 Vote Scorecard. This includes votes on religious liberty, pro-life issues, and other issues affecting families across our nation. Thank you for this honor.
They should be held accountable by the American people for this politically motivated side show.
Democrats have reached a new low in their effort to attack President Trump. Bringing a convicted liar to Capitol Hill in an attempt to embarrass the President as he is overseas participating in a critical summit with real international implications is appalling.
This is more political theater showing that Washington Democrats are seemingly more concerned about opposing President Trump than supporting policies that put the safety security of our communities first and address the humanitarian crisis taking place along our southern border
Today, Democrats held a show vote to cancel President Trump’s recently issued emergency declaration, which he declared only after Washington Democrats blocked Republican efforts in Congress to provide much-needed funding to secure our southern
Today I met with #Hoosiers from @IMPAPower including Mayor John Wilkes of Linton and Mayor Jim Adams of Tell City. Serving over 330,000 individuals throughout Indiana and Ohio, the Indiana Municipal Power Agency is one of the country’s most competitive power providers.
Today I met with constituents from the @AmericanLegion.  These #Hoosier #veterans traveled from Boonville and Elberfeld, Indiana to discuss their continued commitment and service to veterans, their families and communities. Keep up this important work!
Today I met with the Disabled American #Veterans Department of Indiana. With over 18,000 members across Indiana, including 6 chapters in the Eighth Congressional district, this nonprofit serves to support veterans of all generations. Thank you for your important work.
This rule provides the necessary transparency and ethical use of federal dollars to ensure there is a clear physical and financial separation between funds for health care services and abortion providers.
I applaud the Trump Administration on issuing the final rule to stop the use of federal money to perform abortions.
Today I had the opportunity to speak at the grand opening of the new Greene County Health Center. Located in Linton, Greene County Health treats all patients regardless of the their ability to pay and this new facility will provide expanded services for Hoosiers in the area.
Today at Friendship Diner in Evansville, I met with the @INSoybean and @INCornFarmers. We discussed critical agriculture issues facing farmers across Indiana. In Congress I will continue to champion these hardworking Hoosiers.
Indiana’s Eight Congressional district covers all or part of 19 counties and meeting with Hoosiers in each county is vitally important and helps me remain accountable to the people I have the privilege to represent in
Today I met with Kent Utt, the president of Knox County Development. We discussed their plans for 2019 in Knox County and how they continually strive to build a better community for Hoosiers through business partnerships and strategic collaborations.
This morning at Clabber Girl in Terre Haute, I met with farmers from the @INSoybean and @INCornFarmers. Agriculture is critical to Indiana’s economy and I am proud to support these hardworking Hoosiers.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the friends and families of those tragically killed today in Aurora, Illinois. Thank you to the officers who responded and risked their lives to save others. I pray for the injured officers’ quick recover.
While averting a government shutdown and funding the government are important, I ultimately voted no because key aspects of this bill come up short on providing the necessary resources to secure the border and protect the American people.
Today I met with the @NASA  Supplier Companies from Indiana, including @BWXTech. This heavy metal manufacturing company is located in Mount Vernon and employees over 225 Hoosiers. Thank you for your contributions to our nation’s space program and to Indiana.
The facts show drugs are pouring across the border, our national security is at risk and there is a humanitarian crisis. I urge Democrats in the House to come together with Republicans in both chambers to pass a bill President Trump will sign.
#ICYMI: Conditions along our southern border are at crisis level and inaction by Democrats in Congress is making it worse.
I’m glad the leftists in Hollywood think it is funny that Speaker Pelosi clapped at the President of the U.S. in a condescending way. However, disrespecting the Office of the Presidency is a dangerous precedent no matter who is in the office. Be careful what you wish for!
R.I.P. Congressman Walter Jones. A public servant who strenuously fought on behalf his constituents and for his beliefs.
R.I.P. Congressman John Dingell. My condolences to @RepDebDingell and the rest of John’s family. A legend on the Energy and Commerce Committee he will be missed.
That is why I will be working alongside my fellow pro-life colleagues in the House to end the barbaric practice of infanticide by providing life-saving treatment to babies that survive an attempted abortion by supporting the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act.
I am deeply troubled by recent efforts in New York and Virginia to legalize abortion up until the moment of delivery and beyond. I support President Trump’s call to “reaffirm a fundamental truth: all children – born and unborn – are made in the holy image of God.”
RT @allianceinh2o: NRWA DC Rally meetings continue! Meeting with Congressman Buschon. @RepLarryBucshon @NRWA @KellyCordell12 #RuralWater #…
The fact that Speaker Pelosi didn’t stand and applaud with Republicans and a few Democrats when President Trump said the U.S. will never be a socialist country is very telling. Shocking really.
I stand ready to work with President Trump and my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to make the tough decisions needed to help all Americans in the pursuit of their version of the American dream. #SOTU
I applaud @realDonaldTrump’s determination to protect American interests. Foreign threats serve to harm the United States but also to the peace and security of the entire world. #NationalSecurity #SOTU
During my work on the Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee, I continually focused on private sector, market-based solutions that lower costs and will make healthcare more accessible and affordable to all.  I look forward to sharing those solutions with @realDonaldTrump.  #SOTU
As a physician, I look forward to partnering with the @WhiteHouse to deliver real health care reform that drives down the cost of health care, increases the quality of care, and expands access. #AccessforAll#SOTU
I applaud @realDonaldTrump for working to address China’s unfair trade practices. It is critical that we support and protect American jobs and workers. #ProtectAmericanJobs #SOTU
Every day, more than 100 Americans die from drug related overdoses. The drugs flowing from our southern border have created a national security crisis that threatens the American people. #DrugEpidemic #SOTU
We must come together as a united government to prioritize the safety and security of the American people. It is time to secure our southern border and our nation. #SecuretheBorder #SOTU
Virginia Governor Northam should resign. There is no place in our society for racism in any form. The picture from his Medical School yearbook is indefensible.
The US economy added 304,000 jobs in January, and throughout 2018, the average monthly gain was 223,000 jobs. This economic boom is no coincidence, it is the direct product of the pro-growth policies put in place by President Trump and the Republicans in Congress
Thanks to a conservative agenda of cutting taxes and rolling back unnecessary regulations to empower Main Street job creators, January marks a record-breaking 100th straight month of job gains.
An unreliable and non-resilient electrical grid that cannot meet all the energy needs of Americans and our economy not only puts consumers’ safety at risk, but it also puts our national security in
The extreme cold rolling through the country is not to be taken lightly. Please prepare and make sure you are being proactive to protect you and your family.
If Senator Harris and Washington Democrats get their way and complete this total government takeover of health care, your access to treatment will be solely at the mercy of Washington bureaucrats.
It will also eliminate the health care for millions of Americans – including 158 million Americans who get their coverage through their employer.
Medicare for All will end Medicare as we know it, leaving the health care of millions of seniors in jeopardy.
If Speaker Pelosi really believes what she told Congress and the American people last year when she said, ‘As Members of Congress, we have a moral responsibility to act now to protect DREAMers,’ then she would put forth the President’s proposal for a vote in the House tomorrow.
and it also contained a legislative solution to provide legal protection for 700,00 DACA recipients and 300,000 Temporary Protected Status recipients sought by Democrats in Congress.
It contains $5.7 billion for additional personnel and a physical barrier to secure our southern border sought by President Trump and Republicans in Congress,
This week, President Trump proposed a commonsense proposal to secure our border and end this needless government shutdown.
During this speech, she said ‘there is nothing partisan or political about protecting DREAMers.’ However, with the Speaker’s gavel back in hand, she has seemingly changed her mind, putting her political agenda before the DREAMers she so passionately urged the Congress to protect.
Almost a year ago, Speaker Pelosi spoke on the House floor for more than eight hours about the importance of bringing a legislative solution for recipients of the  Deferred Action for Child Arrivals (DACA) program.
RT @GOPLeader: Retweet if you agree that the State of the Union should proceed as planned. I just signed and submitted a resolution that wo…
Enough is enough. Democrats must come to the table, put forth legislation that the President will sign and end this politically charged shutdown.
Democrats are once again standing between federal employees on furlough as well as those that continue to show up for work each day and their paychecks.
I just voted to pay all federal employees that have been furloughed and those that have continued to work without pay throughout the duration of this partial government shutdown that started on December 22. Democrats in the House blocked it.
Today at the University of Southern Indiana’s annual MLK Day luncheon in Evansville. Pictured with Mayor Lloyd Winneke, his wife Carol McClintock and USI President Ronald Rochon.
This bill will help create more clean, American-made energy and jobs while also preserving environmental standards.
Prior to my bill becoming law, many projects never even got off the drawing board because it could take over a decade of navigating the federal permitting process before a project could even begin.
Last Congress I authored a bill that was signed into law by President Trump expediting the process to turn existing dams into hydro-powered dams.
#ICYMI:
President Trump outlined today a common sense, reasonable offer to end the shutdown. This includes investment in border security to end the border crisis and addresses DACA and TPS. These are programs which Dems have said are priorities to them. Dems stop playing 2020 politics.
I urge the Democrats to end the political gamesmanship and to stop holding the government hostage, come to the table to secure our nation, and pass a bill that the Senate and President Trump will sign.
Instead of helping thousands of federal employees – many of whom are working without pay – to get their paychecks, House Democrats voted against this proposal and to deny federal employees their paychecks.
This limited proposal would not reopen the government without addressing the crisis at our Southwest border, but it would bring relief to federal employees who have missed their first paycheck of the year.
Today, House Republicans brought a proposal to the floor to allow federal employees affected by the government shutdown to receive their first paycheck of the year.
I support @GOPLeader McCarthy’s decision not to seat Rep. Steve King on any committees for the 116th Congress. There is absolutely no place in America for racism, and his views do not reflect those of the Republican party.
Our law enforcement personnel go to work every day and selflessly put themselves on the line to protect our families, our communities, and our nation. Thank you for all you do.
Border Facts: Each day, immigrants arrive at the southern border that have been assaulted or harmed on their way, or are in need of emergency medical care due to a serious medical condition. #SecureOurBorder
The crisis along our southern border has gone on too long. Americans on Main Street understand this crisis and its impacts on their communities – even those far away from the border – and they want their elected officials to solve it.#SecureOurBorder
Border Facts: Drugs are flowing across the southern border and into our communities. Every day, more than 100 Americans die from drug related overdoses. #SecureTheBorder
It is with great sadness that I announce my father has passed away. Thank you to those who have sent prayers and well wishes, it is greatly appreciated during this difficult time for our
300,000+ jobs added in December. 3.2% increase in wages over the last 12 months. 400,000+ new workers entered the workforce in December. This is the direct result of pro-growth policies put in place by Republicans over the past 2 years.  #JobsReport
President Trump has made clear that funding for border security – particularly a physical barrier along the border – is a priority, and that he’s willing to work with Congress to secure
I am humbled and honored to have the privilege of serving #Hoosiers in Southwest
I am saddened by the tragic loss of the Sims children in a house fire in Tell City. Thoughts and prayers go out to their family and friends. May they R.I.P.
Merry Christmas!
Tonight, I stood alongside my fellow Republicans in the House and voted to keep the government funded while also fulfilling President Trump’s request for funding to secure our southern border.
One of my favorite privileges as a Member of Congress is speaking with students across the eighth district. Today I spoke to Hoosier students at @WMTrojans1. Thank you to teacher Samantha Reeder and her students for a thoughtful discussion.
Last Friday, I toured the @181IW. Located at Hulman Field Air National Guard Base in Vigo County, their primary mission is intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance while serving Hoosier communities across Indiana. Thank you for your service to Indiana and the United States.
Governor Holcomb INDOT have taken a great step forward by matching funds in the amount of more than $121 million to help make much-needed rail crossing safety improvements. When our railways are open running on time Hoosier businesses can thrive
I am pleased the House Senate have come together in a bipartisan, bicameral manner to ensure America’s farmers have the resources assurances they need to continue providing a safe, reliable, and affordable supply of food, fuel, and fiber for
While there are many issues that Americans may have legitimate policy disagreements about, ensuring the American people are safe and our border security is robust should not be one of them.
Happy Birthday Indiana! 202 years of incredible Hoosier history. #Indiana
States, not the federal government, should be the primary regulators of waterways and water sources within their borders and this new Waters of The United States (WOTUS) rule by the Trump Administration ensures just that.
Today we remember the brave American soldiers that lost their lives in #PearlHarbor on December 7, 1941. May they always be remembered.
R.I.P. George H.W. Bush. A life well lived.
The Restore Harmony Way Bridge Act will convey the Harmony Way Bridge to the New Harmony Bridge Bi-State Commission established by Indiana and Illinois – allowing the states to have management over the Harmony Way
Our men and women in uniform are the best trained fighting force in the world and I am honored to have met with them and been reassured that they have the personnel, training and equipment necessary to accomplish their
Today is #SmallBusinessSaturday. Small businesses are the backbone of America and Indiana is home to thousands of small businesses that employ Hoosiers all across the state. Remember to #shopsmall today!
From the Bucshon family to all of yours, #HappyThanksgiving.
Today we remember and thank all Veterans who answered the call to defend our nation and our freedoms. #VeteransDay
R.I.P. Mari Hulman George.
BREAKING NEWS: The U.S. Economy adds 250,000 jobs in October. Wage growth tops 3%. Manufacturers added 32,000 jobs!
While in Gibson County yesterday, I got a tour of the new Owensville Fire Department that also houses the town’s police department. This wonderful community addition was partially funded by USDA Rural Development. Congratulations on getting this facility up-and-running!
Today I met with Nathaniel Hahn, the new Director of Operations Maintenance at @FlyEVV and retiring Director Doug Joest, who has done a tremendous job over the years. The airport is currently undergoing a $20M renovation, partially funded by Indiana’s Regional Cities initiative
Wages and salaries jumped 3.1% over the last year, the biggest increase in a decade. Rising wages and an unemployment rate of 3.7%, the lowest since 1969, are the results of pro-growth, conservative policies I’ve supported in
HAPPY HALLOWEEN! Here are some safety tips to keep in mind, Have fun trick or treating!
Thank you Dana for showing me Next Step in Terre Haute, a faith-based program that provides both residential and outpatient services for those suffering from addiction. I’m proud to have worked on comprehensive opioid recovery legislation to help Hoosiers battling addiction.
Today I joined Hoosier legislators, including @Suzanne_Crouch to discuss the importance of promoting and protecting our state’s defense assets in West-Central Indiana. It is crucial that we work together to ensure the best outcomes for our community.
This afternoon I sat down with @PLTWorg students at Washington High School. The students told me about STEM classes and how hands on learning has changed their educational experiences. I supported the Perkins Reauthorization that funds programs like Project Lead the Way.
The terrible act of violence at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh today is heartbreaking. Join me in keeping the victims and their families in our prayers.
Today, I visited with Walter and Janet Shaw, owners and operators of Misty Morn Safe Company in Richland. From rural Spencer County, they ship their high-quality safes throughout the world. It’s a great Hoosier success story!
Saturday October 27th is National #TakeBackDay! Safely dispose of your unused, unwanted, or expired prescription drugs in a responsible way at take back sites all across the Hoosier state. To find a location near you visit,
Before President Trump took office, we were told by liberals that economic growth above 2% wasn’t possible anymore. They were wrong. Our economy grew at a rate of 3.5% last quarter after exceeding 4% the previous quarter. 
Thanks to the #TaxCutsandJobsAct, small businesses like @hcfgears are investing in hardworking Hoosiers. A family owned and operated business since 1981, they specialize in gearbox repair, gear cutting, machining, and fabrication. Thanks for showing me around.

Today, I toured the Gibson Station Power Plant, @DukeEnergy’s largest power plant. This facility fuels the homes and businesses of Hoosiers across the Wabash Valley and hosts a 160 acre natural wetlands wildlife habitat and recreation center.
RT @VP: We condemn the attempted attacks against fmr Pres Obama, the Clintons, @CNN others. These cowardly actions are despicable have…
SIGNED INTO LAW by @POTUS H.R. 6 SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act. Including a piece of legislation I authored, Opioid Screening and Chronic Pain Management Alternatives for Seniors. #OpioidEpidemic
SIGNED INTO LAW by @POTUS: America's Water Infrastructure Act of 2018. #WRDA Including a piece of legislation I authored, Promoting Hydropower Development at Nonpowered Dams. #Hydropower
Evansville Western Railway is a 125 mile short track railroad in Mount Vernon, serving over 30 on-route customers dealing in a variety of commodities including coal, grain, fertilizer, timber, more. The railroad is a major carrier for industries at Port of Indiana Mount Vernon.
Today, I attended Youth First’s annual Breakfast of Champions. The Evansville-based non-profit places social workers in schools across Southwest IN, strengthens youth families through evidence-based programs that prevent drug use, promote healthy behaviors, student success
October is National #BreastCancerAwarenss Month. I’m proud to have supported #CuresNow and funding increases for the National Institute of Health to help us discover the next generation of treatments for Breast Cancer and other terrible diseases.
ATTENTION. Medicare open enrollment is underway from now until December 7 for coverage changes that will take effect January 1, 2019. Find out what you need to know
Thank you to all the job providers that came out to my job fair in Vincennes today and good luck to the job seekers looking for their next career.
The Vincennes Job Fair is now opened for job seekers!
Indiana is a leading agricultural state and today I had the opportunity to visit Frey Farms Produce. This Certified Woman Owned Business harvests and ships produce across the United States, working with a network of Frey Family Farmers to distribute fresh, local products.
This morning I had the opportunity to shadow Principal Aaron Huff and visit with students at Benjamin Bosse High School as part of National Principal Shadow Week. I enjoyed visiting with Hoosier students. Keep up the good work!
Please join me, in coordination with Vincennes University and WorkOne Southwest for my annual job fair in Vincennes, IN. With more than 40 employers confirmed it is a great opportunity to find your next job! Find out more
Today is #NationalFarmersDay. Indiana is home to thousands of Hoosier family farms that help ensure we have a safe and affordable supply of food, fuel, and fiber.  I’m proud to support the Farm Bill and other policies that support our nation’s farmers and ranchers.
The Energy Department has noted that only 3% of the nation’s existing dams are electrified, a number that could represent additional paths for states to meet renewable clean energy mandates. I look forward to my legislation becoming law. #Hydropower
Today is National Manufacturing Day. #MFGDay18 We must inspire the next generation of doers, makers and dreamers to pursue careers in modern manufacturing. Celebrate manufacturing in America and learn more about opportunities here
Thanks to the #TaxCutsandJobsAct other pro-growth policies that have been put in place by Republicans President Trump, the unemployment rate is 3.7% its lowest level since 1969!  We must continue moving a pro-growth agenda forward.
RT @SpeakerRyan: Every community has been affected by the #OpioidEpidemic. Helping those suffering at the hands of addiction has been a pri…
I am pleased to see that a trilateral agreement has been reached between the U.S., Mexico, and Canada.
Infant and child safety event today in Owen County (Spencer). Excellent information for new parents.
Coffee with your Congressman event today in Spencer. Thanks to those who stopped by.
The SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act, negotiated and agreed upon by both chambers in a bipartisan manner, will help states like Indiana combat the growing #opioidcrisis. It will give hope to families and it will save
This additional legislation that will make the tax cuts for middle-class families and small businesses permanent. This is important because small businesses are the backbone of America and a strong middle-class means a strong, sustained
I rise today in support of H.R. 6. SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act.This bipartisan bill will help our struggling communities to combat the #opioidepidemic by focusing on increasing access and improving care to those in need, preventing new occurrences of opioid misuse
Today, I met with constituents from the @indianachamber. We discussed important legislative topics like trade infrastructure reform that affect Hoosiers across the state. I will continue to champion these issues work to promote a pro-business and pro-growth agenda in Congress
It is an honor to be awarded the @NFIB Guardian of Small Business Award. I will continue to champion crucial issues for the success of small business like tax cuts and regulatory reform.
RT @AjitPaiFCC: Grateful to the over two dozen House lawmakers--representing diverse districts from Missouri to Florida--who support "smart…
The Patients Right to Know Drug Prices Act would ban the strangle-hold gag clauses in pharmacy benefit management contracts that prohibit pharmacists from informing patients of their payment options, using their health insurance or paying out of pocket.
An important part of our national security is ensuring our nation is adequately prepared to prevent – and respond to – large-scale #publichealth emergencies that arise from a disease outbreak, bioterror attack, or chemical incident.
Thanks to the pro-growth, conservative agenda I have been working to implement in the House, our economy is booming and consumer confidence has just hit a near an all-time high. 
Talking with students is one of my favorite privileges as a Member of Congress. I want to thank Sullivan Middle School’s social studies and civics classes for having me speak today. Their questions were thoughtful and engaging! Keep up the good work.
RT @SWESTSCHOOLS: THANK YOU @RepLarryBucshon
RT @SWESTSCHOOLS: Great having @RepLarryBucshon at #SMS today to speak to some of our students...
Today I toured Valley Profession Community Health Center in Clinton, Indiana. They were the recipients of a $400 million federal grant from HHS that is being used to expand their health center and addictions counseling. Thank you, Terry Warren, CEO, for showing me the plans.
Today in Terre Haute I met with the United Way of the Wabash Valley. They presented information that was gathered from their ALICE program. Together local, state, federal governments can come together to address generational poverty. Visit to learn more.
My office partnered with USDA Rural Development and other federal and state agencies to present a symposium today on resources of importance to area counties and rural communities. My thanks to Gibson General Hospital for hosting  this informative program in Princeton.
Thanks to the pro-growth, conservative agenda I am fighting for in Congress, our economy is booming. Today, we learned that for the third straight week jobless claims have hit a near 49 year
This afternoon I had the opportunity to participate in a #ShopTalk18 with the Indiana Corn Growers Association and Indiana Soybean Alliance in Washington, IN. Speaking with Hoosier farmers, I was able to discuss important agricultural issues such as trade and the farm bill.
Today I visited Patoka Lake Regional Water Sewer District organized in 1975, that provides water or treats wastewater for 11 Southern IN counties, including the communities of Dubois, Celestine, Schnellville St. Anthony. They serve over 31,000 households over 100,000 people
Today I toured the Heeke Animal Disease Diagnostic Laboratory, in Dubois County, a branch of the Purdue University Animal Disease Diagnostic Laboratory. They perform testing for wide range of veterinary diseases, animal autopsies, bacterial cultures, and blood testing.
Yesterday, I toured the Genoa Healthcare Pharmacy in Evansville. They are a leading example of patient centered care; from their discrete building for patient comfort, to hand loaded monthly peel pack medications that have led to 96% medication adherence, they are leading the way
RT @AlzIndiana: Read what @RepLarryBucshon says about funding to #ENDALZ in this @tribstar story | 700 take part i…
Thanks to the #TaxCutsandJobsAct, and regulatory relief, job creators are investing more in  hardworking Hoosiers. This is evident here in Evansville at @HomeDepot where entry level hourly wages have been increased as a direct result of these policies.
Do you, or someone you know want to learn more about the United States Service Academies? Join me for Academy day this coming Saturday, September
This weekend I joined my fellow Hoosiers for the 2018 Walk to end Alzheimer’s event in Terre Haute. In remarks to the crowd I outlined my recent votes to increase funding for the National Institutes of Health in support of research efforts to end this disease. #Walk2EndAlz
Hydropower provides benefits in the form of jobs, economic investment, improved public health, and resource conservation. It’s also a great source of American-made energy. In the 8th district, there are six non-powered dams that could be modernized to produce clean energy.
Our water infrastructure is vital to the economic success and prosperity of our nation. This is especially true for Southwest Indiana which is bordered by two major rivers, the Wabash and Ohio
State Representative Dr. Tim Brown has become a great friend since our state wide healthcare policy tour together in 2014. I was saddened to hear of his recent accident and my thoughts and prayers are with Tim, his family and his friends. Get well soon!
I join the nation in prayer for those who lost husbands and wives, sons and daughters, neighbors and friends in the attacks on the World Trade Center, the Pentagon, and those on Flight 93. #NeverForget #September11th
Thanks to the pro-growth, conservative agenda that we are making a priority in Congress, manufacturing jobs are on the rise. #BetterOffNow
Another great month for American job seekers as the economy continues to grow and expand! The jobs report for August shows continued robust job and annual wage growth. It is clear our conservative pro-growth agenda is benefiting all Americans #BetterOffNow
The Ensuring Small Scale LNG Certainty and Access Act will allow us to expand U.S. exports of American-produced natural gas and more fully take advantage of the abundant supply of natural gas in our
@GovHolcomb continues to lead Indiana forward with smart, modern improvements to the Hoosier state.#NextLevelIndiana
Congratulations to Jasper, IN for this incredible achievement! Well done, keep up the great work!
The Empowering Students through Enhanced Financial Counseling Act will provide additional counseling tailored to students’ personal situations to help them fully understand financial consequences of the decisions they
Today, I had the opportunity to question @Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey in the @HouseCommerce on behalf of the American people. See here:Full video here
Thanks to the #TaxCutsandJobsAct @VectrenIndiana rate payers will see lower bills in the coming months! 
REASON 31 why we are #BetterOffNow $34.4 Billion - Amount allocated for the defense health program to care for our troops, military families, and retirees. #StrongerMilitary
Today I met with Dubois Rural Electric Cooperative in Jasper. The REC serves over 10,000 customers has nearly 1,700 miles of line in operation. We discussed the future of rural broadband access along with other issues that impact their ability to provide low cost electricity.
Today, I met with the leadership team of Perry County Memorial Hospital in Tell City. Thank you to Brian Herwig and the entire team for your tireless efforts in providing health care in Southwest Indiana.
REASON 29 why we are #BetterOffNow $654.6 Billion - The largest investment in our armed forces in 15 years. Thanks to the National Defense Authorization Act
Today in Evansville, I hosted a second roundtable discussion with integral members of our community, from legislators to those in recovery, that are helping shape the way we are combatting the #opioidcrisis. Thank you to those who attended.
It was a pleasure to stop by the @evvmuseum Healthy is for Everyone exhibit. It is a great exhibit open to the public that helps provide usable tools to help you live a healthy life.
Thank you to Healthcare Financial Management for inviting me to speak in Evansville today on the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act, legislation that will help stem the #OpioidCrisis in our communities.
Today I stopped by a great Evansville start-up business, International Fine Chemistry. They specialize in the plastics business, using creative technologies to create products that remove residual contaminates from wastewater are used to mold plastic products such as gas tanks.
REASON 27 why we are #BetterOffNow 20,000 - New troops to bolster our military. Thanks to the National Defense Authorization Act
REASON 26 why we are #BetterOffNow 90 - Miles of border wall system funding provided so far. Thanks to the Provisions to Fully Fund the President’s Request for a Border Wall.
I am saddened to hear of the passing of @SenJohnMcCain. My thoughts and prayers are with his family.
REASON 25 why we are #BetterOffNow $1.5 Billion - Amount allocated for a physical barrier and advanced technology along the southern border. Thanks to the Provisions to Fully Fund the President’s Request for a Border Wall.
Yesterday I attended the ribbon cutting for Eagle Railcar Services in Washington, IN. LG Suzanne Crouch also attended. Another economic development and job creation success story for Southern Indiana.
REASON 24 why we are #BetterOffNow 60% - Decline in online advertising for sex trafficking #SaferCommunities
Thanks to the #TaxCutsandJobsAct, @DukeEnergy will be lowering its rates in Indiana. By reducing burdensome taxes ratepayers will have more money in their pockets.
Today I met Vigo County School Corporation Superintendent Dr. Robert Haworth. We discussed preparing students to enter the high tech 21st century workforce with the skills required to get hired immediately. Keep up the great work!
I am grateful to the members of our community that attended a roundtable discussion on the opioid crisis today who are working hard on the front lines to help our friends, family members, and neighbors in their time of need.  #opioidcrisis
REASON 23 why we are #BetterOffNow $2.3 Billion - New resources for mental health, training, and school safety programs. #SaferCommunities
I had the distinct privilege to present former Hoosier Congressman Ed Pease with a letter honoring his decades of service to Terre Haute, the Wabash Valley and our nation. As a valued colleague and friend, it was a privilege to honor you tonight. Congratulations.
Indiana is a leading agricultural state and it is important to understand the changing needs of the different ag industries. It was a great turnout for the #INShopTalk18
It was a great stop at Farbest Foods today. They employ 1,400 Hoosiers across multiple cities in southwest Indiana. Thanks to the #TaxCutsandJobsAct they were able to give their employees a raise! Keep up the great work!
RT @Indiana_Soy: Thank you to everyone attending tonight’s shop talk with @RepLarryBucshon. This event could not be possible without the su…
RT @IN_Corn: Great crowd for tonight’s shop talk with @RepLarryBucshon. Thank you to @FirstFarmersBnk for their support of this evening’s e…
Our workforce must meet the standards and qualifications of today’s high tech industries. Ivy Tech Princeton teaches students the real world skills they need with hands on equipment training so they are prepared to immediately enter the workforce.
The Arc of Gibson County in Princeton is a tremendous organization that is helping persons with disabilities realize their dreams and goals. I stopped in today and learned more about their incredible impact on our community. Great work!
