Today, I voted against the Democrats’ sham resolution - it was designed to protect anti-Semitic bigotry. My full statement below:
Always an honor to welcome members of Wyoming’s @AmericanLegion to D.C. to discuss the vital ways the organization supports our military, veterans and their families in our state. Thank you for your service.
The University of Wyoming’s College of Agriculture is dedicated to providing students with the skills and real-world knowledge to excel in a critical field in Wyoming. Thank you to Dr. Mark Stayton and Robert Kidd for meeting with me.
It's always a pleasure meeting with the Campbell County Commissioners to discuss their upcoming priorities including FLPMA and fossil fuel development. Thank you for your hard work.
So proud of our great UWYO Rodeo Team.#theworldneedsmorecowboys
The Grizzly Bear State Management Act stops the abuse of the court system by environmental extremists, safeguards the scientifically proven delisting determination and puts management of the grizzly bear back in the hands of Wyoming.
RT @RepPeteOlson: Happy Valentine's Day #AmericanHeartMonth! I reintroduced the Cardiac Arrest Survival Act w/@GerryConnolly @RepLizChe…
This Democrat-backed resolution is nothing more than a political stunt that puts our national security at risk.
You’re exactly right @hughhewitt - the American people need to know the absolute lunacy of the “Green New Deal.” Authors of GND need reminding this is real Congress not model Congress.
Cheney Questions Climate Change Panelists on Green New Deal, Wonders if They Support 'Vacation Commissar' - Washington Free Beacon
Today, I asked Democrat witnesses about the Green New Deal goal of eliminating all air travel in a decade.
Wyoming taxpayers deserve to know how their hard-earned tax dollars are being spent.
This week, I reintroduced the State Mineral Revenue Protection Act to ensure Wyoming receives its fair share of mineral royalties, which are crucially important for our schools and communities.
We must fight every day for the most vulnerable among us, which is why I joined my Republican colleagues in the House to introduce the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act.
House Republicans stand shoulder-to-shoulder with President Trump and are ready to work alongside him to pursue reasonable, common-sense policies that will improve the lives of every single American.
I am blessed to call Rabbi Zalman and his wife Raizy my friends and humbled by their service to people all across our state.
Every day it’s an honor to represent Wyoming and protect our western way of life. Please see my attached newsletter for a round up of what’s been happening in Congress this week:
The Trump Administration is taking the right and necessary step to defend both the security of our nation and that of our NATO allies by formally withdrawing from the INF
Hey @RepGregPence - Welcome - honored to serve with you, and where can I get one of those popcorn machines?
ICYMI: This morning I joined @SteveDoocy on @FoxandFriends to urge Democrats to do what’s right for the security of our nation and fund the border wall.
Today, on International Holocaust Remembrance Day, we honor the memory of the six million Jews killed by the Nazis and rededicate ourselves to the pledge Never Forget. Never Again. #HolocaustMemorialDay #WeRemember
Today we honor the life and legacy of Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. He will forever be remembered as a great leader who fought to secure civil rights for all Americans. #MLKDay
RT @GOP: “I think what you saw the President do yesterday was one more time put a proposal on the table.” -@RepLizCheney
The Missile Defense Review released this week provides a clear strategy to counter missile threats from rogue nations like Iran and North Korea.Full statement
Vladimir Putin’s cronies—as well as the entities that they control or influence to feed their schemes—should remain sanctioned as long as these malign activities continue.Full statement below.
Cheyenne's John Clay is a member of the Greatest Generation who courageously served during WWII as a 1st Lieutenant of the 48th Fighter Group in the Army Air Corps. We thank you for your bravery dedication to protecting the United States of America.
Congratulations to the AFBF for advocating on behalf of the agricultural community for the past century. In Wyoming, we understand how important it is to protect the industry that is crucial to our western way of life.
Just about to be on @foxandfriends to discuss border security and Democrat refusal to come to the table and negotiate in good faith. Tune in.
RT @GOPLeader: House Republicans are committed to securing the border and ending the humanitarian crisis. Thank you @VP, @MickMulvaneyOMB,…
I am excited to introduce my new intern Dara, a Gillette native and UW student. She's already doing a great job helping me and my team represent the people of Wyoming. Welcome Dara and go Pokes!
Thanks @kaylamdixon and @kgwntv for a great discussion this morning on the 116th Congress, the inauguration of Governor Mark Gordon the need for Democrats to work with House Senate GOP POTUS to secure our borders.
I was honored to be at @Mark_Gordon_WY inauguration today, and I am looking forward to working with him and his administration for the people of
Rep. Liz Cheney: "What's Immoral Is Not To Secure Our Borders" | Video | RealClearPolitics
ICYMI: I joined @ThisWeekABC to discuss the Democrats’ continued refusal to secure our
@hellafree19 @RedBankIrish Thanks very much. Warms my heart to see daughters helping dads like this!
RT @ThisWeekABC: Rep. Liz Cheney says Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi is "very much just completely captive to the far left of her party.…
Tonight, Republicans in the House voted to provide the funding necessary to secure our border, including by building a border
RT @TeamCavuto: .@RepLizCheney to Neil: We in the House take very seriously our responsibility to secure the border
It was an honor to participate in Wreaths Across America at the Oregon Trail State Veterans Cemetery and Highland Park Cemetery in Natrona County. There is nothing more important than paying tribute to our state's Veterans.
RT @USNationalGuard: For 382 years, your National Guard has been Always Ready, Always There to answer the call from their state and our nat…
Today’s passage of the five-year farm bill reauthorization is essential to the continuity of programs relied on by farmers and ranchers in Wyoming as they work every day to feed the nation.
#TodayInHistory Wyoming became the first territory to grant women the right to vote.  In honor of Wyoming leading the women's suffrage movement, we celebrate #WyomingDay
Today, we remember and honor the sacrifices of the Greatest Generation on the 77th anniversary of the Pearl Harbor attack.
ICYMIConfidence in the United States troops is at a high we must continue to provide our men women in uniform with the funding they need. The U.S. Military is a revered institution because of everything it stands for everything it has
Over the weekend, my exceptional Military Service Academy Committee interviewed 29 of Wyoming's incredibly qualified candidates to receive nominations to West Point, the Air Force Academy, and the Naval Academy. #WyomingProud
Great discussion at @ReaganDefense this weekend with @SenAngusKing on the American people’s confidence in the U.S. Military.
President Trump deserves tremendous credit for recognizing that, after several years of Russian violations, the INF Treaty no longer serves the national security interests of our nation.
This morning I had the pleasure of joining @foxandfriends to discuss President Trump’s and House Republican’s commitment to securing the border and funding a border wall. Please watch
Under no circumstances should the United States agree to extend the New START Treaty beyond the current expiration in 2021 without drastic improvements to the deeply flawed deal negotiated by the Obama Administration.
ICYMI: Earlier this week I had the chance to speak with @MariaBartiromo about the midterm elections, my new leadership role, and how important Republican messaging will be to combat the Democrats' socialist agenda next Congress.
Today, we reflect on everything we are thankful for this year. We must always remember how blessed we are to live in this great nation. From my family to yours, #HappyThanksgiving
The passage of the Restoring Local Input and Access to Public Lands Act in the Natural Resources Committee is a win for the locally driven efforts to resolve the status of Wilderness Study Areas (WSAs) in Big Horn, Lincoln, and Sweetwater
Cheyenne native and Vietnam veteran Robert W. Schrader served our country with honor and distinction. Thank you for sharing your story. #VeteransDay
Today we honor all the men and women who have worn our nation’s uniform to protect us and defend our freedom. Thank you for your bravery, service and tremendous sacrifice. #VeteransDay
Happy #Halloween! I hope everyone has a fun and safe night of trick-or-treating in Wyoming.
LaGrange resident Doug Chamberlain served as a Captain in the Marines during the Vietnam War.  He received a Vietnam Service Medal, two Bronze Star Medals, Vietnam Campaign Medal, a Combat Action Ribbon and a Presidential Unit Citation for his
It was great to join my friend, our great Superintendent of Public Instruction @Jillian4supt at the annual women’s antelope hunt at the Ucross Ranch put on by the  Wyoming Women's Foundation -an incredible organization that teaches women hunting skills economic self-sufficiency
Wyoming's opening of an Asia Pacific Trade Office in Taiwan is an important step in opening more foreign markets for Wyoming products. I’m grateful for the hard work leadership of @GovMattMead, Sen. Bebout other state officials who made this a
Happy Birthday, @USNavy! For 243 years, the men and womenof the #USNavy have kept us safe and free. Today and every day we thank them for their courage, service and tremendous contributions to our nation. Happy #243NavyBday!
Check out this week’s
I was honored to be at the White House as President Trump signed the appropriations bill providing full, on-time funding for our military for the first time in 9 years.Official White House Photo by Joyce N. Boghosian
Today, I introduced the Grizzly Bear State Management Act, which directs the Department of the Interior to re-issue the rule delisting grizzly bears in the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem, and prohibits any judicial review of this decision.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Throughout American history, the men and women of our Armed Forces have selflessly served our Country, making tremendo…
Wishing all who celebrate a blessed Yom Kippur.
Happy 71st birthday to the United States Air Force. We are especially proud to be the home of F.E. Warren Air Force Base in Wyoming. Today and every day, we are grateful to the members of the United States Air Force for their service to our nation.
Check out this week’s
Casper’s Clarence Wendell Culbertson, a decorated WWII veteran courageously served as an Aviation Technician Chief in the United States Navy where he fought in eleven major battles in the South Pacific.
It is always a pleasure to be with members of the National Mining Association at their annual conference. NMA has been a leader in the fight to undo job-killing regulations that threaten our energy and mining industries.
Wishing all who celebrate a happy and peaceful new year as Rosh Hashanah begins this evening.
Great to meet three generations of the Sessums and Eldridge family -franchise owners of the Grease Monkey- from Sheridan today. It was a pleasure hearing how their business has benefited and grown as a result of the GOP tax cut plan.
Laramie’s Bob Willis served in the U.S. Army as an infantryman in the 66th and 26th divisions during WWII. He courageously fought in the Battle of the Bulge and was awarded a Purple Heart and Bronze Star Medal.
Wyoming’s fossil fuels are a national treasure and I am glad this important project has received BLM’s approval to move forward.
I applaud this important step by the Trump Administration to replace the damaging Obama Clean Power Plan with a rule that will return flexibility to the states and to our coal industry.
In honor of Wyoming Veterans, my office will be working with the Library of Congress to archive the stories and memories of the men and women who have served our country in uniform.  Please visit our website for more details:
The Waters of the U.S. (WOTUS) rule was an unconstitutional power grab by the Obama Administration that expanded federal control over state water law and private water rights. Today’s federal court decision wrongly re-instates this misguided rule.
For over 100 years the Bells of Balangiga have been in Wyoming as a memorial to the American soldiers who lost their lives overseas.
Today’s signing of the NDAA is an important step on the path of rebuilding our military, but it must also be accompanied by the appropriations legislation necessary to ensure these policies and priorities are fully funded.
Check out this week’s
Happy 4th of July! As we celebrate Independence Day, we also honor the men and women who have fought for America's freedom. Wishing everyone a safe and happy holiday.
Wyoming greatly relies on the Farm Bill and I’m proud to have voted in support of this
Today we celebrate the Army's 243rd birthday and give thanks to the men and women of the U.S. Army  who protect and defend our country every day.
Today we remember the freedom the American Flag represents and the sacrifices made by so many to defend and protect that freedom.
It’s an honor to meet with the exceptional Wyoming History Day participants. They've done an incredible job representing Wyoming and demonstrating their critical thinking and problem-solving skills as they compete in the National Contest this week.
The Removing Barriers to Energy Independence Act brings much needed and long overdue relief to Wyoming oil and gas operators.
Check out this week’s newsletter.
I’m always inspired by the impressive, hardworking young people at @wyoboysstate. It was great to be with you all this weekend as you participate in this exceptional program that builds leadership skills, exemplifies Wyoming values, and encourages civic engagement.
It’s our moral obligation to do everything we can to protect the sanctity of life, and I applaud President Trump’s efforts to fight for the most vulnerable among us.
ICYMI: I spoke on the House floor in support of the FY19 NDAA.
Ruby’s thirty years of experience at Wyoming PBS, service on the national PBS Board along with her contributions to the Riverton community and our great state will make her an effective leader in her new position.
I proudly voted for the FY19 National Defense Authorization Act, which passed the House today. We need to ensure our military readiness by making critical investments to reverse the damage that was done by the previous
These reforms will help our community banks return to the business of lending to consumers in their communities and generating economic growth. I’m proud Congress and President Trump have once again done the right thing for communities all across
I’m pleased the Senate today confirmed Gina Haspel as CIA Director. She has dedicated her career to defending the American people and keeping our homeland secure.
I’m proud the House passed the Protect and Serve Act. It’s crucial we protect and support the men and women in uniform who put their lives on the line, serve and protect our citizens and keep the public safe.
Every year, Peace Officers Memorial Day National Police Week afford us all an opportunity to pay tribute to reflect on the brave police officers who serve to protect us. Today everyday we honor the men women in uniform who have fallen in the line of duty their families.
Wishing all the moms out there a wonderful and happy Mother's Day.
Check out this week’s
Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer. - Romans 12:12
I’m pleased the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018 passed the House this week. This legislation provides much needed reforms to our aviation system, and includes several provisions important to Wyoming.
It was a privilege to be with all the inspiring students who received a Congressional Award for Youth medal for their achievements in community service, personal development, physical fitness, and exploration.
Be sure to read this week’s newsletter to get the latest updates on my work representing our great state in the House. Don’t forget to check out our new website and please subscribe.
Today I was honored to meet Political Science Instructor Erich Frankland and some exceptional students from Casper College who are attending the American Committees on Foreign Relations conference. They’ve done a great job representing our state and spreading Wyoming values!
I want to thank Chair of the Campbell County Commissioners Mark Christensen for his testimony and Deputy County Attorney Carol Seeger for attending the Energy and Mineral Resources Subcommittee. Thank you for standing up for Wyoming.
Had a great time speaking with the American Council of Snowmobile Associations about recreational access and protecting multiple use of our public lands. Thank you for having me.
Excellent read from my colleague @RepKevinBrady on #TaxDay about saying goodbye to our old, complicated, and over-burdensome tax code.
Last week, I had the honor to meet with students from Douglas High School at our Nation’s Capitol.Read this week’s newsletter and subscribe to learn more about my week in Congress:
Today, we celebrate and honor one of the finest armed forces the world has known, our Nation’s @AirForceReserve.
Wonderful weekend in Casper at the Wyoming Outfitters and Guide Association's Annual Convention. #WY
Today, on Yom HaShoah we remember and we pledge #NeverAgain
Appreciated the chance to speak with Karla Pomeroy from the Northern Wyoming Daily News in Worland last week about progress on issues that are crucial to Wyoming.
By signing the “One Federal Decision” Memo of Understanding, the EPA, Departments of Interior, Agriculture, and Energy are heralding in an important and welcome change, providing streamlining and relief from years of an overreaching federal bureaucracy.
Wishing everyone a happy and blessed Easter Sunday.
My family and I wish all who celebrate a joyful Passover.
Thanks to @Wyo_Roundup, Dennis Sun and Saige Albert for the opportunity to discuss issues crucial to Wyoming Ag.
I want to thank Diane Shober, Brian Gallagher and Mike Gallagher from @wyomingtourism for sharing their many reasons to #FlyYourWy and see what our beautiful state has to offer. #ThatsWY
Our Wyoming pups Hank and Liberty are working hard on #NationalPuppyDay
Today on #NationalAgricultureDay we should all take the opportunity to thank our farmers and ranchers.
Wishing everyone a safe and happy #StPatricksDay today!
I am deeply saddened by the passing of my colleague, Congresswoman Louise Slaughter. I was honored to serve with Louise on the House Committee on Rules. Phil and I will be keeping Louise and her family in our thoughts and prayers.
The U.S. Department of Transportation’s Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration extends the temporary waiver from the ELD rule for agriculture related transportation for an additional 90 days.My statement:
Started off this week with an excellent tele-town hall. Thank you to everyone who participated.
Check out my weekly newsletter where I discuss my work in Congress for Wyoming.Click here to sign up and read more:
Today, I received a surprise in the mail from the Advocates for Multi-Use of Public Lands. Thank you for your support and for all you’re doing to protect recreation and multiple-use on our public lands. I’m honored to represent you in Congress!
Check out this week's newsletter!Sign up and read more here:
I want to congratulate Casper’s Catherine Williams for winning Wyoming’s Boys and Girls Club of America’s Youth of the Year award.  I know she will make Wyoming proud at regionals. Good luck!
Today, I had the privilege of meeting with a great group of students from Hot Springs County High School and Cheyenne East High School. It was a pleasure getting to speak with young people who are interested in American politics and government.
Great piece from @jlifhits on General Joseph Votel's testimony before the House Armed Services Committee on Iran's increased terrorist activities since the Iran Nuclear
Thanks to the dedicated staff and administration at the Sheridan VA for an informative visit and briefing.
I enjoyed the opportunity to hear from folks at the Buffalo Senior Center about crucial issues, especially those facing our seniors and our veterans.
Thanks to the @CasperChamber for a great meeting today on significant issues impacting our state and local communities, including tax cuts, health care reform, economic diversification, and slashing red tape.
Happy Presidents’ Day. Today we remember and honor the great men who have led our country.
Check out this week's newsletter!Sign up and read more here:
Thanks to WY Special Olympics President Pricilla Dowse and champion Tess Robinson for meeting with me on #SOHillDay. Congratulations on all your  medals!
Check out my weekly newsletter where I discuss my work in Congress for Wyoming.Click here to sign up and read more:
I voted in favor of this budget deal because, after nearly five months operating under continuing resolutions, this bill is the only way to immediately provide necessary funds for the defense of the nation.
The most important constitutional obligation of Congress is to provide the resources for the security of our nation. I want to thank @SpeakerRyan  @MacTXPress and @HASCRepublicans for their hard work securing the budget number necessary to fund America's armed forces.
Check out this week's newsletter!Sign up and read more here:
The gratitude I have for my dad as an American is surpassed only by my love for him as his daughter. Happy birthday, dad!
Max in our office is in high spirits after uncovering good luck this morning. A big thanks and happy Mardi Gras to our Louisiana friend @RepAbraham and Mrs. Abraham for the King cake. Laissez les bon temps rouler!
We are very excited for the family-owned company and firearm manufacturer, Weatherby, Inc. to be relocating to Sheridan. I want to thank everyone who helped make this transition
In response to the Democrats’ actions, I've cosponsored @RepMcSally's bill, the Protecting America and American Workers Act, to secure paychecks for military personnel inside the DHS, the troops, and federal law enforcement officers.
Today, I am proud to join @PeterRoskam in introducing the Iran Freedom Policy and Sanctions Act.Read my full statement:
Check out this week's newsletter!Sign up and read more here:
Thank you to the brave men and women in blue who put their lives at risk to protect communities across America on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day. #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay
Check out this article about my first year working hard for Wyoming in the House and what I hope to accomplish in 2018.
Stopping by KGAB to chat with Glenn Woods was a great way to start the new year. Thank you for having me.
It was an honor to participate in the Purple Heart Ceremony at F.E. Warren AFB in Cheyenne for TSgt Douglas G. Smits.  Read TSgt Smits' full story here:
Today the House of Representatives passed important legislation to cut taxes and simplify our out-of-date tax code. I'm pleased Congress seized this historic opportunity to provide tax relief for Wyoming families and job creators.
Check out this week's newsletter!Sign up and read more here:
I had the great honor of meeting with Ray "Padre" Johnson, the highest decorated Navy chaplain from the Vietnam War and a celebrated painter, whose work is displayed at United Nations building.
Congratulations to the graduates of the Cowboy Challenge Academy and thank you to state representative Landon Brown for an inspiring commencement address. The Wyoming Cowboy Challenge Academy provides at-risk youth with the resources and learning environment for success.
I want to thank everyone who attended the breakfast and Veterans meeting in Cody. It was a privilege to meet with so many who have defended our nation in the Armed Forces. I am grateful for the time they took to discuss a range of ongoing veterans issues and concerns.
It was an honor to celebrate WWII veteran and Pearl Harbor survivor Clarence Varos' 100th birthday this weekend. Thank you for your service and dedication to our great nation.
Wishing all who celebrate a blessed and peaceful eight days. From my family to yours, Happy Hanukkah.
I'm proud President Trump signed the National Defense Authorization Act today that authorizes badly needed resources for our troops, including a long overdue and well-deserved pay raise. Read my full statement here:
Check out this week's newsletter!Click here to sign up and read more:
On Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day, I had the privilege to speak on the House Floor honoring Mr. Clarence Varos, a WWII vet and Pearl Harbor survivor who will celebrate his 100th birthday this weekend.
I support POTUS decision to formally recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel his announcement he will move the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Jerusalem is the eternal undivided capital of the state of Israel, the US has no closer or stronger ally than Israel.
I’m proud the House passed H.R. 38, the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act. Folks in Wyoming deserve to know the constitutional carry rights we enjoy at home won’t be threatened when we cross into other jurisdictions. Read my full statement here:
I'm pleased the House passed a motion to establish a conference committee for the Republicans' tax plan, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act tonight. Read my statement here:
I was pleased my bill requiring congressional approval for any future moratoriums on coal leases on federal lands passed out of Natural Resources committee this
Check out my December 1st newsletter to read more about the work I did this week for our state.Click here to sign up and read more:
Thanks to St. Stephens students for their hard work helping to clean up reservation roads.
I'm pleased H.R. 1778, a bill I introduced to ensure no future moratorium on coal leasing on federal lands can be imposed without Congressional approval, passed the House Natural Resources Committee today.
Thanks to all the students and teachers from Kaycee High School for stopping by to visit. It was great to get to chat with some of our state's brightest kids.
I was honored to speak at the Wyoming Natural Resources Rendezvous with Senators Enzi and Barrasso. It was great to be able to speak with over 500 ranchers about issues important facing our state's farming communities.
Congratulations to the students of RMS, art teacher Jamie Chapman, and the Wyoming Arts Council for decorating this year's National Christmas Tree. I'm so proud you are representing Wyoming and can't wait to check out your handmade
Wishing everyone a happy Thanksgiving. We all have so much to be grateful for and it's important we express gratitude on this special day. I hope everyone has a blessed and safe holiday.
Congratulations to everyone who made UW's Women's Entrepreneurship Day successful and UW's College of Business Caitlyn Spradley and UW President Dr. Laurie Nichols for making wonderful opening remarks. Great job!
I want to thank everyone who came out for the Cheyenne Chamber of Commerce's Military Affairs Committee luncheon. It's was great to speak with all of you and take questions about the NDAA.
For the past eight years, the federal government's bad policies have harmed the backbone of Wyoming's economy. We need to hand more authority back to the states and the people who will serve as the best stewards of their
My first priority will always be to support the Veterans of Wyoming and I'm proud I was able to include a provision in the House version of the NDAA to extend the ban on returning the Bells to the
Have you signed up for my Newsletter? If not, click here to get the Newsletter delivered right to your inbox and make sure to check out my November 17th Newsletter.Read more here:
Congratulations on a great season to Wyoming's top 25 best high school football players of the year. You all earned
I voted in favor of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act today because it is critically important we provide tax relief for hard-working families in Wyoming. Read my full statement here:
I was proud to vote for the bipartisan FY18 National Defense Authorization Act, which passed the House. Read my full statement here:
Great interview from Heidi Merritt, the daughter of Hyde Merritt, a Cheyenne native who will be inducted into The National Rodeo Hall of Fame. What an incredible and well-deserved
A great read about an amendment I added to protect local industry from energy regulations that criminalize otherwise lawful
Check out this week's Newsletter, where I discuss my priorities for our state. Read more here:
A great read about the importance of F.E. Warren's ballistic missiles and the need to modernize our ICBM inventory to ensure effective nuclear
This week the House passed several bills to improve the VA and support our nation's veterans. Read my full statement:
Check out the amazing work students from Cheyenne's South HS are taking part in to honor the community's veterans.
I applaud Trump’s appointments of Lois Van Mark as FSA State Exec Director Chad Rupe as Rural Dev. State Director
Check out my weekly newsletter where I discuss my work in Congress for Wyoming.Click here to sign up and read more:
My statement on the House Republican tax reform plan, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act:
Today, I spoke on the House floor regarding the Resilient Federal Forest Act. Here is my full statement:
It was a pleasure to celebrate the 150th anniversary of Sweetwater County. Thx to the county commissioners Brie Blasi for their hard work.
Congratulations to Sara Reed from Hillcrest Elementary. I'm proud Mrs. Reed will serve as an edu. ambassador for Wy.
RT @HouseForeign: .@RepEdRoyce @GOPLeader @MacTXPress @RepLizCheney statement on Iran nuclear deal
RT @RumsfeldFoundtn: A peek into week 2 of the Central Asia-Caucasus Fellows’ Program featuring an engaging meeting (and #selfie!) with Con…
I'm proud to be a cosponsor of the Gray Wolf State Management Act that passed the House Natural Resources
RT @RulesReps: @RepLizCheney is on the @HouseFloor managing the rule for H.R. 36 – Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. Watch LIVE on…
I had a great time today chatting with @kgabradio's Glenn Woods. Thanks for having me.
Congrats to Burlington Elementary, Sheridan Jr High, Woodland Park Elementary for receiving the Blue Ribbon Award. You've earned it.
Congratulations to Tracy Ragland, Wyoming's 2017 Principal of the Year from Newcastle High School. It was great meeting with you.
RT @SenatorEnzi: I saw this on a coaster in Yellowstone and thought it was good advice coming from Wyoming’s state mammal.
We must end status quo that is damaging our land, resources livestock and is inhumane for the horses.
I voted no today on the Debt Ceiling increase/CR/Harvey package. Here's my full statement:
So proud of our Wyo first responders answering the call for #HurricaneHarvey aid
As we all keep those affected by #HurricaneHarvey in our prayers, here is important information on how you can help.
Grateful for opportunity to discuss issues of importance to Weston county via @News Letter Journal
