More from my interview with @Varneyco: the radical wing of the Democratic Party continues to test the limits of their leadership
I just voted NO on #HR1 the #DemocratProtectionAct. Read my statement below:
I joined @Varneyco this morning to discuss the emergency at the border.Walls work construction is under way! #SecureTheBorder
Ralph led a life of service to his country and was a true American hero. He was a friend and mentor, and Alexa and I are keeping the Hall family in our prayers. He will be dearly
Can you afford an unexpected $65,000 bill next year? #GreenNewDeal
Want to know one of the most dishonest things about #HR1?Democrats know it will NEVER become law. In fact, the bill would send President Trump’s campaign over $140 million in the closing weeks of the 2020 campaign.Do you think Democrats actually want to do that? #PurePolitics
This morning I’ll hear from Director Kathy Kraninger in a Semi-Annual Review of the @CFPB. Excited to hear what the Bureau has (or hasn’t) accomplished with the taxpayer dollars we provide them each year.Tune-In:
Why would #HR1 allow voter fraud to increase?The bill MANDATES EVERY STATE allow same-day registration.ANYBODY can walk in, register vote. We could go back to find some that were registered illegally, but the votes would already count... #DemocratProtectionAct
Some excellent examples from my colleague @RepKevinBrady on why #USMCA is great for Texans!
@NYTimes reporting on another story that shows how badly we need the State of Emergency declaration to solve the crisis on our southern border.
@nytimes reporting on another story that shows how badly we need the State of Emergency declaration to solve the crisis on our southern border.
Our Armed Forces keep us safe using @thef35. I co-sponsored this resolution by @RepDLesko to double-down on our commitment to air
This anti-free speech bill would hamstring the ability of pro-life Texans and gun owners to make their voice heard. Democrats have found themselves in the majority and want to set the rules so they never lose it. #HR1 #DemocratProtectionAct
The Democrat Protection Act, otherwise known as #HR1, will divert billions of taxpayer dollars to fund Democrat attack ads. This bill was created by a Democrat majority to protect the swamp. It’s bad policy. It’s bad politics.
Democrats continue burning through taxpayer dollars on an endless, desperate smear campaign against the President his family.Real problems like crumbling infrastructure and the need for border security affect real people everyday, and these are the issues we should focus on.
HR 1 will allow countless illegal votes to be cast in 2020 if it passes. Texas can’t afford more voter fraud, neither can the rest of America.
Industry leaders in TX develop innovative solutions to complex problems. DC bureaucrats concoct radical programs to put the federal gov't in control of solving issues it's not equipped to address #SocialismTakesCapitalismCreates I say let Texans
Democrats have made their agenda clear: a $90 trillion socialist takeover of our economy a $30 trillion plan to eliminate private health insurance. Socialism takes, while capitalism creates. Texans can spend their money better than DC bureaucrats. #GreenNewDeal #RepealObamacare
 Making stuff Inreasing wages Expanding opportunityIt’s working.
The House agreed to notify ICE whenever an illegal immigrant buys a firearm.Democrats responded by taking aim at the rules that allowed us to do so. Read more below:
I voted NO on #HR8 today. This bill would make criminals out of law-abiding citizens while failing to prevent gun violence.
WATCH TO THE END -- Democrats spent this hearing harassing execs from the credit report industry - one even bullied their staff for their race gender.I called them out for their behavior and the Ds didn’t approve. Hearings should be serious - not partisan nonsense hours.
Democrats showing again that they only care about resistance. The President has the authority to determine and declare national emergencies, and was given that authority by Congress. Stunts like these do nothing to make our country safer - we must secure our border. #HJRes46
The anti-gun bills Democrats have put on the House floor this week would place undue burden on law-abiding citizens and fail to reduce violent crime.
I've signed on as a co-sponsor to this legislation. The Mexican cartels have caused irreparable harm to our nation - let's use these seized funds and make them pay for the
I can’t imagine feeling such apathy toward great news. The realities behind these figures are LIFE CHANGING for so many Americans. We should celebrate these results - not dismiss
This deal doesn't come close to meeting our needs at the border. I'll be voting against it. See my statement below:
The entire charade around the “Green New Deal” is a complete fraud on the American people - it’s barely formulated and deeply misguided
What’s on the Floor today: We’ll vote on five bills that you can view here —-&gt;
Had a great meeting with the folks from @TexasRuralWater today. We discussed the many opportunities to improve water quality, supply and infrastructure in our area. #TXWater
No one wants to see the government shutdown again next Friday. It’s time for Democrats to show they are willing to find a solution that works for everyone. #SOTU
With only 10 days left before another funding deadline, it’s time to find a compromise on border security. Resistance accomplishes nothing when the well-being of Americans is on the line. #SOTU
President Trump has dramatically improved the state of our national security. Using the right combination of diplomacy and military action, he’s shown himself to be more than capable of leading us into a more stable future. #SOTU
If we are willing to work together, extraordinary bipartisan achievements are possible. Political discord can not be allowed to stop us from improving the lives of Americans. #SOTU
Tune in to @NBCDFW this afternoon to hear my expectations for tonight. #SOTU
Tonight, @POTUS will outline his plan to move America forward. The country needs Democrats to reject the politics of resistance and find common ground with the president - it is the only way forward. #SOTU
Tomorrow night, President Trump will deliver his State of the Union address to a joint session of Congress in the House of Representatives. His speech will be broadcast at 8:00 p.m. in Texas - click the link below to
Among those to acknowledge the need for a physical structure to secure the border: law enforcement and border security agents, national security experts and over 60 Democrat elected officials. It’s time we come together to solve the problem.
Over the last two years, conservative policies have created millions of opportunities for Americans thanks to President Trump’s leadership. I look forward to seeing the president highlight the ways we'll continue to foster economic growth and higher wages. #SOTU
RT @GOPLeader: VA Governor Ralph Northam’s past racist behavior caps a week where he displayed an egregious lack of respect for human digni…
Top Democrats all said, “re-open the government, and then we’ll talk about the border”. Dozens of Democrats have said they support a physical barrier. The government is back open and it’s time to solve the
Today we begin #BlackHistoryMonth . I encourage all of us to appreciate the impact that countless African Americans have had on our nation. The story of America cannot be told without their contributions and their sacrifices.
Great to see yet another STRONG jobs
Reminder that we have two weeks left to fund the wall and solve the crisis at our border! Let's work together and create a lasting solution BEFORE the funding deadline.
Today I offered an amendment to the Democrats' rules for my committee requiring that the rules be made publicly available. Transparency is critical to good governance - unfortunately @FSCDems don't agree! They voted against my amendment and against government transparency today.
House Democrats want you to think their bill is all about security and election integrity. But what it really does is A) allows voter fraud to increase, B) uses taxpayer dollars to fund their candidates and C) entrenches bureaucrats and the DC
Democrats are pushing H.R. 790 through the House today - this is nothing but a political stunt. They voted three times last week NOT to pay federal workers during the shutdown.
In case you missed it: I spoke on the House floor in support H.R. 624 and it passed with over 400 votes! This bill will require the SEC to improve their regulations to prevent illegal insider trading.
For my first tweet I want to throw it back to last Thursday, when I took my official Oath of Office. It is such an honor to represent
