It’s a great example of bipartisan, commonsense governing to better serve the American people. #HR1
The House passed landmark legislation today with a provision to help drive foreign influence out of our elections. We got this amendment thanks in part to the rules changes my colleagues I in the Problem Solvers Caucus negotiated with House leaders.
Happy #InternationalWomensDay! I’m grateful for all the women in my life who’ve inspired me, especially my wife Judy. She took the road less traveled, studying math in college before becoming a credentialed actuary. Proud of her all women blazing trails in STEM fields beyond.
I’m happy to see HHS proposing an even broader price disclosure requirement for hospitals, doctors, and other health care providers. This would empower people with information to make better choices and help drive down prices through competition. 
The first bill I introduced in the House 14 yrs ago was to require hospitals to disclose prices they charge. I was spurred to do this after I received my bill for a hospital stay after a serious bike accident. Strong opposition from hospitals blocked my bill from ever advancing.
Fortunately the courts have upheld the seal order. I’ll continue to call on @epa to step in use its authority under the Clean Air Act to forbid the use of EtO at the plant. This would ensure the plant remains closed even if the courts eventually overturn the action of @ILEPA
The latest Willowbrook numbers released by @EPA show that the peak EtO measurements in early February were nearly twice as high as the previous measurements recorded in January. I’m thankful to @GovPritzker @KwameRaoul for having @ILEPA halt EtO operations when they did.
Today I voted for a resolution condemning anti-Semitism, anti-Muslim discrimination, all bigotry. All Americans - especially public officials - need to work to "ensure that the U.S. will live up to the transcendent principles of tolerance, religious freedom equal protection.”
Professionals trained and ready are imperative to survivor support. #VAWA funded-grantees trained 11,519 sexual assault nurse and forensic examiners, 89,937 law enforcement officers, and 18,404 court personnel. Let’s reauthorize #VAWA
Congrats to Lewis University's Cierra Pulliam. Back-to-back Field Athlete of the Year for the Midwest Region! A very impressive feat.
I’m proud to support this legislation to hold those accountable in China who make fentanyl available illegally in the US. I’ve met with families who’ve lost loved ones to this highly potent drug and we must do everything we can to get it off our streets.
What do the University of Pittsburgh (@PittTweet), the National Academies (@theNASEM), @PepsiCo all have in common?  They value our nation’s leadership in Science Technology understand the importance of helping our innovators become entrepreneurs. @HouseScience #icorps
As a diabetic this is a natural issue for me. And prescription drug prices are a huge issue, one of the most important to people. Congressman Garcia is correct. We need to be doing more talking on the ridiculous price of insulin and the cost of prescription drugs in general.
Congrats to all the winners of my annual All-American Boy and Girl Program. 100 finalists were recognized at last night’s ceremony out of the more than 1,000 students who applied! Special awards went to the top 3 in each of the four categories for 7th 8th grade boys girls.
@Joe_in_Indiana Hi Joe.
Without #AAPIEqualPay, AAPI women lose at least $9,010 a year to the wage gap. That's why I support the #paycheckfairnessact.
#Every65Seconds someone in the U.S. develops Alzheimer's. Join me, the @alzassociation @alzimpact in raising important awareness by sharing the facts about the Alzheimer's crisis:
Thanks to my friends at Everest Academy Lemont for asking me to be the ‘mystery reader’ today for Ms. Diamond’s 1st grade class. I got to read one of my favorite children’s books, Duck for President, and was very impressed with the students’ story breakdown.
My colleagues I sent a letter to ATSDR requesting a new health assessment for Willowbrook. This follows up on a similar letter I sent in Oct. calling for ATSDR to work w/ @epa to perform air measurements make a full cancer risk exposure assessment.
Happy Casimir Pulaski Day! Today, I ask all Americans to remember a true Polish and American hero who devoted and ultimately sacrificed his life to the pursuit of freedom.
Thanks for having me speak at the annual @ACECIllinois Engineering Excellence Awards. Always a pleasure speaking to my fellow engineers. I’m hopeful we’ll get an infrastructure bill in Congress and make this a great year for engineering projects.
Talked to @cbschicago about the @Amtrak system failure at Union Station this week. I’ll be meeting with CEO Anderson to oversee the action plans they are putting in place to make sure this doesn’t happen again.
.@Amtrak's apology for the unacceptable problems they caused for @Metra passengers yesterday is only a start. There are many questions Amtrak needs to answer and then fixes need to be made as soon as possible.  I have called CEO Anderson to my office for another meeting next week
The Senate approved @EPA chief Wheeler today. I wrote to him this week telling him he should use his authority under the Clean Air Act to protect the public from endangerment resulting from @sterigenics1's EtO emissions. Citizens need to be protected if Sterigenics wins in court.
I will be calling the CEO into my office once again to tell him that @Amtrak cannot let this happen again. They have not moved fast enough on fixing rail problems at Union Station.
I sympathize w/ everyone who experienced delays on @metraBNSF this morning. I was told they are the result of Amtrak-owned switching issues in the Union Station system. I met w/ @Amtrak CEO 3 weeks ago talked about need for a lot of work on rail, platform other infrastructure
Our government was set up to give power to the American people by giving power to Congress. That's why I'm an original co-sponsor of this resolution to claw back power from the Executive Branch.  We need this legislation to give power back to the people.
It was great to speak about the importance of US-Romania relations at the American-Romanian Business Council’s reception celebrating Romania’s presidency of the Council of the EU. As co-chair of the Romanian Caucus, I look forward to continue supporting Romania’s causes. @amrobiz
Enjoyed speaking with @DukeStudents tonight who are interning in DC this semester. We talked about the importance of working together to make our country and our world better. It’s always fun to speak with young people who want to make a difference.
I'm honored to get a 91% score on @LCVoters' 2018 #LCVScorecard, reflecting my record on fighting polluters like Sterigenics to protect the public’s health. I'll continue to fight in Congress for:Clean airClimate actionPublic landsClean water protections
Today I supported commonsense, bipartisan legislation to require all gun sellers – including private vendors, online sellers, and sellers at gun shows – to conduct background checks on potential buyers. #HR8 will help save lives and help #EndGunViolence.
On Monday, April 22, the White House will host the 141st annual Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn. Tickets are free can be requested through an online lottery that opens tomorrow at 10 a.m. EST and closes March 4 at 10 a.m. EST.
Today I voted for the #PublicLands package to protect 1.3 million acres of wilderness to permanently reauthorize the Land Water Conservation Fund. I've long supported LWCF its critical mission to help protect our most treasured natural resources.  #SaveLWCF
Today I voted to terminate President Trump’s emergency declaration because it is a clear violation of the spending authority vested in Congress. Our framers designed our system of checks balances specifically to prevent this type of overreach from the executive branch.
Today, the House @TransportDems are focusing on ways to mitigate the effects of climate change by reducing carbon emissions and making our infrastructure more resilient. Follow the testimony live here: #ActOnClimate
Thanks to my co-sponsors, @RepWebster, @RepEBJ, @RepFrankLucas, @RepAGonzalez for their work helping push through this important legislation. It has been endorsed by a wide range of tech, VC, academic stakeholders, we're optimistic it will pass the Senate become law.
Proud of the broad support for my Innovators to Entrepreneurs Act of 2019, which passed the House today 385-18. The bill create jobs by providing additional training for innovators to learn how to turn their research into new products businesses #ICORPS
Yesterday I attended the opening of the Aid for Women Pregnancy Care Center in Flossmoor. @AidforWomen has been providing support for pregnant women through care centers and residential programs for more than 40 years. I appreciate all the work they do to help women children.
RT @sgblank: Thanks to @RepLipinski for introducing House Resolution 539 - the Innovators to Entrepreneurs Act of 2019 - an expansion of @N…
Tune in to @cspan at 5 EST for my remarks on the Innovators to Entrepreneurs Act of 2019, which is up for passage on the House floor. I’m sponsoring this bipartisan bill because it creates jobs by helping innovators learn how to turn their research into new products businesses.
Huge turnout this morning at @mattoshea19’s annual Get Behind the Vest pancake breakfast. I always enjoy attending this great cause to help #CPD officers replace vital equipment. Thanks to @sjfschool for hosting.
Today I provided opening remarks for the 5th Annual Lyons Township Model UN Conference, featuring more than 600 delegates from 30 Chicagoland schools, including my alma mater @IgnatiusChicago. I emphasized the importance of understanding different points of view. @LTActivities
The EPA’s recent EtO air monitoring results in Willowbrook, which included some of the highest recordings to date, only validate the state’s decision to suspend operations at Sterigenics.
Tonight I had the honor of giving remarks at the Chicagoland Engineering Awards Benefit in Rosemont. Congrats to Margaret Hamilton for receiving the prestigious Washington Award for contributions to advance the welfare of human kind. Great way to wrap up #NationalEngineersWeek
I had a lot of fun visiting w/ 4th and 5th graders today at Alexander Graham School in Canaryville. They wrote me letters in the fall during their unit on community involvement and invited me to come visit. As you can see, they asked a lot of questions! @GrahamSchool1
Had the opportunity to speak to government students this morning at Argo Community High School answer their questions. I was impressed w/ their knowledge of the legislative process. Brought me back to my teaching days! Thanks for having me. @argohs217
I enjoyed speaking to the GEMS club tonight at Lyons Township High School. It’s great to see so many talented young people interested in STEM. I got to share some insight about my background as an engineer the bill I’m working on to boost funding for AI research. @LTActivities
Happy Introduce a Girl to Engineering Day! Reports show that women are closing the gap w/ men but are still underrepresented in engineering. I introduced a resolution this week recognizing #NationalEngineersWeek to help inspire next generation of engineers
The Willowbrook ethylene oxide data released by @EPA today shows a disturbing trend that validates the state’s decision to suspend operations at Sterigenics. I’ll continue to pressure @EPA to join the state in putting the public’s health safety first.
Congrats to legendary @SaintXavier women’s basketball coach Bob Hallberg on an incredible career. Coach Hallberg announced his retirement after a 49-year coaching career that includes 500 wins with the Cougars alone! #sxu
Encouraged by today’s hearing where a federal judge denied @Sterigenics1’s motion to lift the @ILEPA’s ban on using EtO at its Willowbrook facilities. IL EPA cited alarming health risks. More to come but a positive development. 
We have a great team researching #AI in the US, but we don’t yet have a plan for its use. My Growing Artificial Intelligence Through Research (GrAITR) Act proposes to address that by investing $1.6B in AI research over 10 yrs. I wrote about it in @thehill.
@ak_potter The best way is to contact my DC office. Very sorry about the difficulties you've been having. (202) 225 - 5701
The evidence already collected indicating high levels of EtO in the air in Willowbrook seems to clearly demonstrate a public health threat. The US EPA needs to act immediately. I applaud the @ILEPA’s actions on Sterigenics, now it’s time for US @epa to follow suit.
As Sterigenics fights their battle in court, I'll continue to fight to get the US EPA to act. Under the Clean Air Act, @EPA has the ability to temporarily shut down any facility for 60 days if there is evidence that it presents a substantial threat to public health or environment
After Friday’s @ILEPA order to shut down EtO sterilization at @Sterigenics1, I wish I could say our work is done, but we know that’s not the case. Sterigenics’ attorneys have already indicated they will fight the IL EPA’s Seal Order in court.
#Climatechange is a growing threat we must work on bipartisan solutions to mitigate solve it. The Energy Innovation Carbon Dividend Act I'm co-sponsoring would price carbon and return 100% of the net revenue as a rebate to American families.
Thanks to the gov’t, labor transpo leaders who attended my Labor Policy Breakfast this week. We had a good discussion about how to move forward w/ transportation infrastructure projects creating jobs for working men women. I look forward to role I’ll play as Rail Chair
RT @StopSterigenics: . @RepLipinski states he will fight for the US EPA to ensure Sterigenics remains shut down. #StopSterigenics #Twill ht…
Just this morning a Chicago Tribune editorial said "Lipinski's right," and they called for immediate action against Sterigenics to protect the public.  I thank the @ILEPA, @ILAttyGeneral, @GovPritzker for taking this action.
All the hard work to protect the health of residents around the Sterigenics plant in Willowbrook has finally paid off: IL EPA is shutting down @Sterigenics1.
I spoke with the Chicago Tribune Editorial Board this week to explain the reasoning behind my decision. I'm happy to see this editorial today echoing my call for the US EPA to act now.
My fight to defend local families from serious health risks posed by Sterigenics continues. For months I have been calling on @epa to shut down the company's Willowbrook facilities until they develop implement a plan that is proven to protect the public.
President Trump is declaring a “national emergency” as an excuse for overstepping his authority to spend money. No president has the authority to spend money without approval by Congress.
"Over 288,000 people live in the monitoring tracts across the country that EPA identified to be at elevated risk of EtO exposure, 9 counties have facilities that are emitting more EtO than the Sterigenics Willowbrook facility." Great blog today by @nrdc.
Today marks the one-year anniversary of the horrific shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. I have been moved by the actions of the survivors and others across the country banding together to work on ending senseless gun violence. #HR8 #EndGunViolence
I'm especially interested in having @epa hire a 3rd party engineering firm to audit Sterigenics’ EtO emissions. This will help us know if the company is releasing more EtO emissions than is publicly known.
I'm frustrated w @EPA's feet-dragging on shutting down @Sterigenics1. The public health risk is real they need to act now. Because of their recalcitrance, I've joined my colleagues in the IL delegation calling for @EPAAWheeler to take immediate action to protect our communities
Honored to participate in today’s #GirlDay2019 event to inspire girls to consider a career in engineering. As an engineer myself and co-chair of the STEM Education Caucus, I value every opportunity I have to promote #engineering to young people underrepresented in the field.
Today my colleagues I sent a letter to the director of #ATSDR requesting a nationwide study on public exposure to EtO. We know from EPA emissions data that people all over the country, not just in IL, may be exposed to dangerous levels of ethylene oxide
Last week the House passed the Veterans’ Access to Child Care Act. This important bill expands a successful VA pilot program, providing child care to veterans seeking care at VA facilities. With this bill, veterans can focus on getting the care they need. #ChildCare4Vets
@BaffaVbaffa Yes! I'm pleased to be a cosponsor of this bill
Glad to see momentum building among elected officials calling for Sterigenics to shut down. We've had enough of @epa's inaction. The health and safety of our communities will always come first.
Overseeing the role of US armed forces in foreign conflicts is one of the most important responsibilities of Congress, which is why I support the War Powers Resolution. #YemenCantWait
Today I had the opportunity to visit @WINGSProgramINC w my SOTU guest CPD Officer Gino Garcia. WINGS does much-needed work to help victims of domestic violence their families. Last year they served hundreds of women, men kids. They deserve our support
I share in the House leadership’s denouncement of Rep. Omar’s comments about support for Israel. I can’t speak to her intent, but her comments conjure abhorent anti-semitic rhetoric. My support for Israel is based on the US-Israeli partnership, which is crucial in the Middle East
Had a very nice time at the annual Everest Academy Always Higher Benefit Dinner. Got to meet the winner of this year’s Semper Altius Award, former Loop radio personality Kevin Matthews. Kevin was a titan of Chicago radio has an inspiring story about his struggle w MS. #kevheads
RT @cbschicago: Growing List Of People Calls For Sterigenics To Shut Down
Here is @GovPritzker @LtGovStratton’s transition report from the Restoring Illinois’ Infrastructure Committee I co-chaired. I’m hopeful Illinois can come together on a capital bill like the one we outlined in this report. #twill
Thanks to all the elected officials community members who joined me today in calling on @epa to shut down Sterigenics. EPA knows we’re not backing down in our mission to protect the health of our citizens.
I’m saddened by the passing of Congressman John Dingell, a legendary statesman public servant. My deepest condolences to my friend colleague Debbie Dingell, his loving wife, the many Dingell staff alumni who worked for him over his illustrious, monumental historic career.
Talked infrastructure w/ @morningsmaria before officially taking over as chair of the House Transpo Infrastructure Committee’s Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines Hazmat. Look forward to working on bipartisan solutions to address our massive infrastructure investment needs.
I repeat. @epa, shut @sterigenics1 down now.
It’s time to open up the market for Rx drug prices. We need more pricing transparency to drive down the cost of Rx drugs for seniors families across America. I’m proud to co-sponsor legislation to allow Medicare to finally negotiate on behalf of Americans. #EndRxMonopolyPrices
First panel of first House Transportation #Infrastructure Committee hearing. 2 of the witnesses are good friends, @GovTimWalz (MN) former US Transpo Sec. @RayLaHood. Both know how critical a big federal investment is to fix our transportation infrastructure #TheCostOfInaction
First hearing of House Transportation Committee is called to order! Welcome new Committee Chair @RepPeterDeFazio. #infrastructure #TheCostofInaction
I'll be on @MorningsMaria tomorrow discussing the #sotu, infrastructure, and other topics. Tune in to @foxbusiness at 8 a.m. ET.
My call to shutdown @sterigenics1 was mentioned in this ABC7 story. We need to keep the pressure on @epa. I'm glad the chorus of state federal officials joining me calling for the shutdown is growing. The more data we see, the worse the situation looks.
"We must choose whether we are defined by our differences -- or whether we dare to transcend them." Let's hope the president and all in Washington together live and work by these words for the good of all the American people. It would be a welcome change. #sotu
I appreciated the stories about Americans liberating Jewish prisoners from concentration camps. That is America at its best! #sotu
My view from the gallery. #sotu
On Thurs, the House Transportation Infrastructure Committee, which I serve on as Rail Subcommittee chairman, will hold a hearing on the cost of doing nothing and why investing in our trillion-dollar infrastructure backlog cannot wait. #sotu
I appreciate #potus calling on Congress to produce an infrastructure package that invests in vital national projects. However, we need more than lip service. We need funding so we can ease congestion on roads, improve public transportation, fix crumbling infrastructure. #sotu
Both parties in Congress SHOULD be working for effective, nonpartisan oversight and investigations. That hasn’t been happening, but that’s the way our government is supposed to work. Checks and balances. #sotu
If only the president would follow his grandiose words with action working together for the American people. #sotu
Hanging out in the House gallery with my #sotu guest CPD Officer Gino Garcia. Gino’s seat is on the aisle in the exact middle of the gallery directly facing the president.
Today’s @EPA data shows that the EtO levels around the Sterigenics facilities in Willowbrook are well over the EPA action threshold for cancer risk. One result was 350 times the threshold. It is time for EPA to immediately shut the facilities down.
My #SOTU guest tomorrow is @Chicago_Police officer Gino Garcia. Gino was 6 when domestic violence tragically ended his mother’s life. The experience made him the man he is today: an advocate for victims an upstanding public servant. #enddomesticviolence
I base this call on the air testing EPA has already conducted and made this clear to Sterigenics executives when we met last week.
This story makes several allegations that, if confirmed, are incredibly disturbing. I will continue to hold @Sterigenics1 accountable and will not relent in calling for the @EPA to shut down the plant unless they can prove that it is not a health threat.
@AlexParker I’ve reached out to Metra for an explanation. Like you, I am beyond frustrated.
Watching the big game at St. James at Sag Bridge in Lemont. Rams 30-24. #SuperbowlLIII
Boy Scout Troop 12 did a great job serving the pancakes today at First Congregational Church in Western Springs.
Been a long time since I did karaoke, but had so much fun doing it last week for a good cause. Though I think I’ll keep my day job. Thanks to my friends at @blackhorizonbrw for organizing supporting @wwp. Check out more clips in the stories on my new Instagram @repdanlipinski.
Enjoyed my visits yesterday with the student council and faculty at St. Andrew the Apostle in Romeoville and with the students and Principal Tkachuk at St. Cyril and Methodius in Lemont. What a great way to wrap up #CatholicSchoolsWeek. @SSCMSchool
RT @WhitfordBradley: Finally a BIPARTISAN bill that puts a price on pollution.Thank you sponsors @TedDeutch @FrancisRooney @RepJudyChu @Cha…
Proud to be supporting this important measure and pleased to see it starting to gain some traction.
It’s been 10 years since the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act became law – but our work isn’t done. That’s why I’m proud to again co-sponsor the #PaycheckFairness Act. #EqualPay
The only way I’ll back off calling for an EPA shut down is if such testing is conducted and it backs their claim.  They have not moved forward on this. Today I reiterated this. 4 of 4
Six weeks ago I told Sterigenics they should begin perimeter testing as the only way to prove their claim they are not emitting a significant amount of EtO into the community. 3 of 4
. @epa has not heeded my request to shut down Sterigenics based on EPA air tests that indicated high level of ethylene oxide in Willowbrook. 2 of 4
Today I met w @Sterigenics1’s CEO president requested that they host a public meeting w/ impacted residents ASAP. They did not indicate a willingness to do so at this time. 1 of 4
I signed on to cosponsor legislation to enact an automatic continuing resolution at the previous year’s funding levels in the event Congress fails to pass an appropriations bill. No more shutdowns. Federal employees and their families deserve better.
@LOYURGRL @N4EJchicago @StopEtOLC @Sterigenics1 @StopSterigenics @CleanAirIL I completely understand. I should have provided more context in my original tweet. I am very sorry for what everyone who lives near Sterigenics has been going through and can assure you I am on your side.
Sterigenics continues to make the claim that the high EtO readings in Willowbrook are not caused by their plants. That’s why I challenged Sterigenics to back up their claim with real data that could come from perimeter testing. So far they’ve done nothing.
@mr_sj_stanczak @Sterigenics1 Give us the data to convince EPA to shut it down
@N4EJchicago @LOYURGRL @StopEtOLC @Sterigenics1 @StopSterigenics @CleanAirIL Please see my clarifying response to initial tweet. I will provide more info after today’s meeting
@jen_mcconahy @Sterigenics1 @EPA @CleanAirIL @StopSterigenics @StopEtOLC Still calling for the shutdown. See my clarifying response to initial tweet
Perimeter testing could provide even more evidence that Sterigenics is not safe, and perhaps finally convince EPA to shut it down. That is why I’m calling for it.
I want to clarify that my call for Sterigenics to test the air around their perimeter does not change my position that they need to shut down unless and until they can demonstrate that they are safe.
Seeing lots of ‘dibs’ around the district tonight. Where do we stand on dibs? Pro or con? I’m a sweat equity guy so I lean pro dibs. Sound off ️. No judgment here.
Tomorrow during meeting w/ @Sterigenics1’s CEO I’ll be calling on him to implement perimeter air quality monitoring so we can have a better sense of how much EtO is coming out of Willowbrook plants. This is something I asked for weeks ago they’ve dragged their feet. Time to act
How cool was this! Congrats to Palos Park native and @SandburgHS alum Kendall Coyne Schofield for killing it at the the NHL All Star Skills Competition. Truly inspiring.
Judy I had a good time again this evening at the BEDS Plus Soup Bread fundraiser in Countryside. Great turnout for a great cause. We are all called to do what we can to help provide food, shelter, counseling, and job services to those in need.
On Holocaust Remembrance Day, #WeRemember six million Jewish victims and millions of other Nazi targets and salute WWII veterans who risked their lives to defeat Nazism and helped liberate concentration camps.
Thanks to St. Patricia’s Pastor Fr. Marc Pascisk Principal Jamie Nowinski for inviting me to speak after mass today to kick off #CatholicSchoolsWeek. I also got to meet Cristina Garza, an impressive young lady who’s living out her faith serving people locally around the world
Did some karaoke tonight for a good cause. Stay tuned for clips. I’ll give you a hint. The song I did was by a band that rhymes with Jon Bovi �
Finally this needless, harmful #shutdown is coming to an end. Thank you to all the federal employees who have suffered through it, especially those who have continued to come to work everyday to protect us despite not getting paid. Thank you for your sacrifice.
RT @GregHinz: .@ChiUnionStation modernization plans get a congressional boost, as Rep. @RepLipinski says he'll use his chairmanship of a ke…
RT @RepMikeQuigley: Illinois deserves @NationalService staffers with in-depth field knowledge a strong outreach capacity to truly help re…
Today I was named chair of the House Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines Hazmat. As chair, I look forward to conducting oversight on matters of concern to my constituents, including commuter rail on-time performance reducing blocked crossings.
It's reprehensible the shutdown has put sexual assault crisis centers across Illinois in jeopardy of losing counselors providing these vital services. Today I voted to reopen govt provide $500M to programs protecting women from violence. #endtheshutdown
I introduced a House Resolution honoring Catholic Schools Week, which starts on Sunday. Thank you to my high school, @IgnatiusChicago, the thousands of Catholic elementary secondary schools in the US for the role you play in promoting a brighter future
Here’s an interview I did on @WGNRadio’s @SundaySpin with @AmandaVinicky. We discussed the shutdown, infrastructure needs, and climate change legislation I’m sponsoring. Thanks for having me on. Get well soon @rap30! #twill
Let us remember these stirring words of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. on this day where we honor his legacy. They ring true today as ever before. We are forever grateful for his wisdom and guidance. #MLKDay
RT @AmandaVinicky: About to go to bed so I can be up bright and early for @SundaySpin while @rap30 continues his recovery. Set your clock r…
Proud to support Pillars Community Health at #pchball. @pchcares does great work providing community health centers, behavioral health services, childhood education, and domestic sexual violence services. Serving W SW burbs even better after Pillars Community Nurse merger.
Great to share the stage with the dynamic Democratic State Rep. Katrina Jackson from Louisiana at the #MarchforLife. Inspiring to see such a huge, diverse crowd - especially so many young people - full of love and marching to protect life. @RepKJackson
Here’s @EPA’s Mike Mikulka speaking about the impact the government shutdown has had on air quality testing at @Sterigenics1. My colleagues I in the House have voted 9 times to reopen government end the shutdown. Our communities demand action. @senatemajldr must act now.
Voted w/ 362 of my House colleagues yesterday to disapprove lifting sanctions on companies connected with Putin cronies. Shameful that the Treasury Dept. even considered lifting the sanctions. Russia is not our friend.
The DOE VA Health Initiative Act is one way our federal science agencies can give back to those who served. I'm proud to co-sponsor this legislation that combines @energy's vast computing capabilities w/ @DeptVetAffairs data to improve vets’ healthcare
10 yrs ago, I helped introduce the first bipartisan, revenue-neutral carbon fee bill. I continue to be a strong voice for climate leadership in Congress today, pursuing multi efforts to enact bipartisan legislation, including cosponsoring the Energy Innovation Carbon Dividend Act
I agree with 45 leading economists, former fed chairs, cabinet secretaries that climate change is a serious problem a carbon fee is the most cost-effective way to address it w/ necessary speed scale.
The Innovators to Entrepreneurs Act I worked on w/ @RepWebster, @RepEBJ, @RepFrankLucas has been reintroduced. It enables more participation in the I-Corps program, which, through biz training for researchers, has lead to the formation of 644 startups.
The Trump shutdown, now the longest in US history, has resulted in 800K hardworking federal employees either furloughed or forced to work w/o pay. I encourage residents of #IL03 impacted by the shutdown to share your stories on Make your voice heard.
Proud to join my House colleagues in support of @whipclyburn’s H. Res. 41 denouncing Rep. King’s remarks rejecting white nationalism supremacy. Rep. King's shameful words are contradictory to the values that define the U.S. We should always strive to lift each other up.
ICYMI: @metra has announced a new schedule for the Rock Island line. The new schedule starts on a trial basis Jan. 28 incorporates rider feedback. @metraRID
Today I had the privilege of speaking at #March4LifeChi and at an event supporting @AidforWomen, which runs pregnancy care centers residential programs. Thanks to all who showed up to support women and life. #whywemarch @IFRL
I had the honor today of recognizing some of the bright, young leaders of #IL03 whom I will be nominating for admission to the prestigious U.S. Service Academies. This year we selected 16 young men women to nominate. Congratulations thank you for your willingness to serve.
Thanks to all who attended my #IL03 town hall meeting this a.m. We had a great turnout I always appreciate hearing your concerns to better serve you. Thanks also to @OLCHSNews for hosting us in its new Performing Arts Center. Special shoutout to @argohs217 students who attended
So glad I had the chance to personally thank TSA agents today for working while not getting their paychecks. #EndTheShutdownNow
I look forward to meeting with residents of the Third Congressional District Saturday Jan 12th at my town hall meeting at Oak Lawn Community High School.
This is one of many reasons why we need to take immediate action to fight #ClimateChange, both at home and around the world.
The govt shutdown means USEPA is continuing to monitor the air for EtO in Willowbrook but is not releasing results. Another way the shutdown is impacting our health, safety, and welfare. We must re-open govt.
Glad to cosponsor HR 8, the Bipartisan Background Checks Act, a bill requiring a background check to buy a gun. Common-sense policy supported by 85% of Americans something I've long advocated. Just makes sense to deny weapons to domestic abusers those with criminal history
Border security is critical, but @POTUS failed to make case last night that govt should be shut down over the fight for $5.7 billion for wall which would not impact most of border issues he talked about 2/2
The govt #shutdown is having real-world impacts not just on federal employees but the many who depend on services. Ridiculous that we are on path towards longest shutdown ever 1/2
A TX judge struck down the entire #ACA @POTUS is failing to defend the law in court. I voted today in favor of House of Reps defending the ACA in court so we can maintain coverage for individuals with preexisting conditions rein in insurers
Here's an interview I did last month about the rules changes my colleagues I in the Problems Solvers Caucus fought for to break the gridlock in #DC. The House approved some of them last week on a bipartisan vote. I’m optimistic about further progress.
RT @RappCracklePop: Dude this “integrating faith and politics” talk by @RepLipinski is insane #SEEK2019 favorite talk of the weekend easily
Bear Down @ChicagoBears! Bring home a win today against the Eagles. #InMitchWeTrust
Today I used my old friend “Bill” from Schoolhouse Rock to illustrate the need to reform House rules so Congress can work more efficiently for the people. I’m proud that pieces of a bill @RepLaHood I introduced to help achieve that have been approved.
The House rules reforms proposed by the Problem Solvers Caucus got a special mention yesterday in a @washingtonpost editorial about the new Democratic majority’s push to reform democracy.  There’s still work to be done but we are making great strides to return gov’t to the people
@juliacarneyFM From my teaching days!
Tune in to #CSPAN to hear me talking about Schoolhouse Rock and needed changes to our House rules to open up the legislative process.
The Senate’s approval of former @metra Chairman Marty Oberman to fill a vacancy on the STB is a promising development for commuters everywhere. I look forward to working with him to improve Metra and Amtrak service.
My priorities in this Congress include better middle class job creation, improving local roads public transit, making health care more affordable, protecting our health environment, making communities safer, defending retirement security improving educational opportunities
I’m honored to be sworn in today to represent the people of #IL03 in the #116thCongress. I look forward to working in the new Democratic House majority to make life better for my constituents all Americans, especially middle class families seniors.
The model should also be considered for all drug purchases through Medicare.  I am hopeful that the new Democratic House majority will make progress in reining in sky-high prescription drug prices for all Americans.
This law would require the government to negotiate w drug manufacturers for lower prices. I also support Medicare's move to institute the IPI Model to lower costs for MD-administered drugs by resetting Medicare payments based on international prices and introducing competition.
An article in today’s WSJ shows that price increases on prescription drugs, including generics, continue to outpace inflation. That’s why I continue to fight for lower drug prices. In the new Congress I will help introduce the Medicare Prescription Drug Price Negotiation Act
Happy New Year! Wishing everyone a healthy and prosperous 2019. I look forward to tackling new issues that arise in #IL03 having a productive 116th Congress in the Democratic majority. Here’s to success in the year ahead.
I’ve asked the DOD to include funding for the Hacking for Defense program in its FY2020 budget. The Hacking For Defense program has helped create a pipeline of new technology engineering talent focused on national security issues.
The majority of Americans don’t think a government shutdown is good policy. @HouseGOP @RealDonaldTrump ought to work with Democrats to reopen the government now.
Merry Christmas from the Lipinskis! Judy and I wish everyone a happy and healthy 2019. Peace, joy, and love to you and your family.
Veterans: @librarycongress wants to hear your stories for the Veterans History Project. This is an opportunity for future generations to hear directly from you to better understand the realities of war. Please contact my office for details.
Veterans: please be careful. Remember the VA will never call request money, even if you see “Veterans Affairs” on caller ID. Never give out financial bank information. If you need help w/ your benefits, contact my office: 773-948-6223. @Palosparkpolice
Despite all the other dysfunction, today the Senate cleared S 3661, which establishes a DOD program to commemorate the 75th anniversary of WWII educate the public about its history. I was pleased to cosponsor help pass in the Senate w/ @RepSamGraves.
Funeral services are being held today for fallen #CPD Officers Eduardo Marmolejo and Conrad Gary. Both were shining examples of devotion to service and making Chicago a better place to live. God bless them and their families.
We know we have to take drastic action to reduce carbon dioxide emissions if we want to avoid the most catastrophic effects of climate change. A fee and dividend system provides the right incentive for everyone throughout the entire economy to make the right choices.
While I didn’t always agree w Gen. Mattis, I always respected his service to our country. There was never any doubt he was a stabilizing force admired by our allies. His departure is concerning I hope the next defense secretary shares the same principles
Must-read EtO story in today’s @chicagotribune. The story lays out how the medical device industry’s own reporting found there are less-risky sterilization methods available than EtO. We should consider mandating these immediately. I will push @epa to act.
The support for this bill exemplifies the change we can facilitate when we focus on bipartisan solutions to our toughest challenges.
Making needed reforms to our criminal justice system has been an extremely long process but I’m proud to see we’ve finally got a bill passed. Problem Solvers Caucus endorsed this bill helped pull together both parties to generate momentum for its passage
Reauthorizing dedicating funding to LWCF is crucial to providing access to the outdoors protecting our environment. It’s critical that we #saveLWCF before the end of the year.
I’m pleased to announce @metra received a $2 million grant for Positive Train Control safety technology. I have always made safety a top priority on the Railroad Subcommittee and am hopeful this will help alleviate some of the delays with Metra trains.
Quantum technology is poised to revolutionize secure communication, AI, next-generation sensors. I’m glad the House voted to send the National Quantum Initiative Act to POTUS for his signature. I was proud to help develop lead this bill through the Science Committee.
Congress voting tonight to send BOLD Infrastructure for Alzheimer’s Act to POTUS. I cosponsored to make sure we have public health infrastructure to respond to this cruel disease. All of us know someone who is/will be affected, time to act is now. #BOLDAlzheimersAct #ENDALZ
Congrats to the Village of La Grange for passing a resolution last night to come to an agreement on a pipeline project to reduce flooding in the village. I’m grateful I was able to bring everyone together to help solve this problem.
so we can have a better picture of the pollution levels crossing its property boundary and present clear and convincing evidence to EPA regarding its decision on Sterigenics’ fate.
I continue to stand by my statement that Sterigenics should close until we’re assured it’s not a public health threat. Because EPA won't shut Sterigenics (which they have the authority to do), because the company won't shut itself down, I'm calling for new EtO testing methods
We learned from today's @EPA webinar that new results for EtO testing conducted on 11/23 in Willowbrook differ from previous results, but only raise more questions cannot be said to demonstrate that @Sterigenics1 is not a public health threat.
Please take a moment today to honor @chicago_police officers Conrad Gary and Eduardo Marmolejo, who lost their lives in the line of duty in a tragic train accident. The officers’ heroic actions pursuing an armed suspect cost them their lives. My condolences to their families. RIP
The @EPA is hosting a webinar tomorrow at 1 p.m. CST to share the latest info on EtO monitoring at @Sterigenics1 in Willowbrook. As I work to protect public health and safety, I’ll continue to provide
The #ACA needs to be improved, not eliminated. I will continue to work in this new Congress to give Americans better access to affordable health care.
Congress must act to counter the judicial elimination of the #ACA. It is completely unacceptable to pull the rug out from so many relying on law for health care coverage. I’ve cosponsored legislation so the House can defend the ACA in court appeals since #POTUS refused to do so.
I had the honor tonight of attending the retirement party of outgoing Hickory Hills Police Chief Alan Vodicka, who’s ending his illustrious 42-yr career in law enforcement. Chief Vodicka’s dedicated public service has been recognized on the Congressional Record I wish him well.
I’ve joined 106 Members of Congress calling for an investigation into pregnancy discrimination at a Verizon-XPO warehouse in Memphis after a NYT article exposed horrible working conditions. I stand w/ warehouse employees working mothers. These discriminatory practices must end.
6 years ago today, the lives of 20 children 6 adults were taken by senseless gun violence at #SandyHook. It remains one of the most heart-wrenching tragedies in American history a painful reminder of the work we must do to #protectourkids. Please honor remember the victims.
Metra has announced an overhaul of its GPS tracking announcement system. Happy to see some action after I brought top officials from @Metra @BNSF to a public meeting on Monday to hear from commuters. More work to be done but good 1st step @OnTheMetra
