Congrats to Northside High School and longtime head coach Billy Pope on winning the class 3 boys basketball state championship!
It is unacceptable for Nicolas Maduro to detain Cody Weddle, an American citizen and a journalist, reporting to the world on what is happening in Venezuela. This action must not stand, and I demand Cody’s immediate and safe release.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 3.4.19 Topics: Jobs in the Energy Sector; Congressional Art Competition
I voted to protect the Second Amendment and oppose H.R. 8. H.R. 8 would not prevent gun violence. It would make the exercise of Second Amendment freedoms and the right to self-defense more difficult for law-abiding citizens.
My statement on the Senate vote on the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act:
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 2.25.19 Topics: Insulin Prices; A Live Legacy of the Revolution
This morning in Salem I held a meeting about juvenile diabetes. It included children who have the condition and told me their story.
Today’s announcement of $459,764 for broadband deployment is great news. It will provide a significant boost to economic development and open doors to new opportunities for the people of Bland County.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 2.18.19 Topic: The Border Wall Emergency, and Anti-Semitism Has No Place in America
This declaration will help prevent the illegal trafficking into our country of deadly drugs, the illegal and inhuman trafficking of sex slaves, and other illegal actions being undertaken by Mexican cartels at the southern border.
Good to meet with Dink Willis and Brian Shoemaker from USP Lee yesterday.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 2.11.19 Topic: No Green Light for the Green New Deal
My statement on #SOTU
I am sorry to learn that Trooper Lucas B. Dowell of the Virginia State Police was killed in the line of duty. He was a native of Chilhowie and had served in the State Police since 2014. His family is in my thoughts and prayers. May we never forget his sacrifice.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 2.4.19 Topics: Did Your Power Stay On During the Cold Spell? Thank Coal; Prescription Drug Prices: A Bipartisan Priority
Great to meet with some of the board members and staff and tour the facility at Warm Hearth Village in Blacksburg.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 1.28.19 Topics: Fiscal Restraint; The Border Crisis is an Environmental Crisis, Too
Today we honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. He led the civil rights movement through his eloquence and his commitment to nonviolence, urging Americans to live up to our best ideals. On this day, let us remember his life and the noble truths for which he advocated.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 1.18.19 Topics: Partial Government Shutdown; Committee Assignments
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 1.14.19 Topic: Facts About the Southern Border
Good to talk to constituents last night on my first regional telephone town hall of the year. Over the coming weeks, this opportunity will be available for all jurisdictions of the Ninth District.
Today is National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day. Thanks to all the law enforcement officials working around the clock to keep our communities safe.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 1.7.19 Topic: Breaking the
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 12.31.18 Topic: 1619 and
Peace on earth, good will to men! Best wishes for a safe and merry Christmas.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 12.21.18 Topic: Christmas Traditions
Last night I spoke on the House floor about border security. We need to protect our borders and protect our laws.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 12.17.18 Topic: Big Stone Wall
Thanks to ⁦@RedCross⁩ for sponsoring #HolidaysforHeroes. I stopped by this morning to write holiday greetings to our service members stationed around the world.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 12.10.18 Topics: Help for Sexual Assault Victims; The Greatest Generation
On December 7, 1941, Imperial Japanese naval and air forces launched a surprise attack on the U.S. military base at Pearl Harbor. 2,403 lives were lost in the attack, which drove America into World War II. Seventy-seven years later, we remember the date which will live in infamy.
Glad to attend today's big announcement in Roanoke of the Fralin Biomedical Research Institute at VTC.
My statement on the death of former President George H.W. Bush:
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 11.30.18 Topic: A Sad
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 11.23.18 Topic: Job Growth in the Ninth District
May you and your family have a blessed and peaceful Thanksgiving.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 11.16.18 Topic: Two Churches and Thanksgiving
Today’s grant announcement is great news for homes and businesses in Scott County. I was pleased to have supported this $3,000,000 investment, which will open doors to new opportunities.
Today we honor the men and women who have served our country in the Armed Forces. Those who sacrificed to protect the American way of life have earned our everlasting gratitude.
At the eleventh hour on the eleventh day of the eleventh month 100 years ago, the guns fell silent. That event was later commemorated as Armistice Day, and today we know it as Veterans Day.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 11.9.18 Topic: Veterans Day and Unfinished Business for the 115th Congress
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 10.29.18 Topic: Next Steps in the Fight Against Opioids
RT @usdaRD: Good morning from Abington, Virginia! It's the day before National Prescription Drug Take Back Day a perfect time for another…
I would also like to express my gratitude to the first responders who are on the front lines when cowardly attempts to silence political speech are made.
We can disagree strongly yet civilly in the public square and at the ballot box, but violence directed against political opponents has no place in a free society.
Violence is never acceptable, but it is particularly appalling when it occurs in place of the debate and deliberation upon which self-government depends.
I am glad that President Trump has signed into law my legislation making commonsense reforms to licensing for closed-loop pumped storage hydropower projects. Read more:
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 10.22.18 Topics: Prescription Drug Costs; Good News for Manufacturing
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 10.15.18 Topics: Health Tidbits; Flu Season
The Project Intersection industrial site in Norton is in a great position to attract new manufacturing and industrial operations to the coalfields. Today’s ARC grant provides additional funding for developing the site.
Closed-loop pumped storage hydropower is a source of renewable energy that can be harnessed with infrastructure, including abandoned mines. Read more:
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 10.5.18 Topic: Energy and Commerce Work
Attended the Bristol Chamber of Commerce Breakfast this morning.
I was proud to support the STOP School Violence Act. Roanoke County Public Schools will receive $133,665 for training to prevent violence and to care for those coping with mental health emergencies.
Attended the GO Virginia Region 1 meeting in Grundy this morning.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 10.1.18 Topic: Appalachia: Cradle of Music
The opioid crisis is the most urgent health crisis of our time, as many residents of the Ninth District know from painful personal experience. Acting to alleviate it has been a priority of the House of Representatives as well as of mine.Read more here:
RT @NEAarts: Thank you to @RepMGriffith for helping us to celebrate 2018 NEA National Heritage Fellow Eddie Bond at the #NEAHeritage18 awar…
I will be sponsoring my 2018 Service Academy Day on Saturday in Wytheville, and I urge interested Ninth District students to attend. Learn more:
WestRock’s $248.4 million investment in improving its manufacturing operation is great news for the Alleghany Highlands. The company is a staple of our area’s economy. This new investment reaffirms that fact and shows a long-term commitment to the area.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 9.24.18 Topic: Cutting Red Tape
RT @westerncaucus: Members of the Western Caucus released the following statements today calling for full repeal of WOTUS.Click here to v…
Celebrated good news in Henry County yesterday. Monogram Foods is investing $30 million in an expansion that will create 300 new jobs.
Learned about research and development taking place at the Virginia Tech Corporate Research Center during today's #VTCRCMediaDay.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 9.17.18 Topics: Bipartisan Health Care Legislation; Good News for American Energy
Closed-loop pumped storage hydropower is a technology with great promise for Southwest Virginia. My legislation streamlines federal permitting to prevent red tape from obstructing the benefits of closed-loop pumped storage hydropower projects.
Good to see Dan Boyer of Galax, a member of the Veterans of Foreign Wars' National Legislative Committee.
President Trump has declared a state of emergency in VA in response to a request made by Gov. Northam and endorsed by the congressional delegation. This action provides federal assistance as we prepare for and respond to Florence.
Do not walk, swim, or drive through flood waters. Turn around, don’t drown.
Also, don’t forget to check in on your family, friends, and neighbors who may need some extra help. Does anyone you know have a medical device that depends on electricity? Have a backup plan in the event of a power loss and other contingencies.
Our part of Virginia will likely face heavy rain and winds from Hurricane Florence. Be prepared. Pay attention to the forecast and emergency updates, and make sure you have enough food, water, medication, batteries, and other supplies to last for a few days if necessary.
We can never forget September 11 as long as this nation endures
Topic: An Open Letter to the Social Media/Tech Industry
This $500,000 investment in outdoor recreation in the Coalfields will make it easier to access all that this beautiful part of our Commonwealth has to offer, and they will support new businesses and 54 new tourism jobs.
FEMA’s announcement of $90,000 to the Patrick Springs Volunteer Fire Department is welcome news. With these funds, new protective equipment will be critical in keeping the firefighters of Patrick Springs safe as they protect our communities.
FEMA’s announcement of $178,616 to the Fries Fire Department is welcome news. With these funds, they will be able to recruit new members for the department. The support provided will be critical in keeping Fries and surrounding areas safe.
Met today with members of the Oncology Nursing Society, including Catherine Mowrey of Blacksburg.
I am honored to be recognized for my efforts to protect jobs and fight against regulatory and administrative overreach. I will continue working to ensure we have policies in place that help Ninth District businesses to flourish.
This Rural Development investment will support the Wise Public Works Department’s efforts to improve sewer utilities. The awarded grant will be put towards the purchase of a new, properly equipped, service truck and bed for the town's sewer department.
This investment in the work of the Public Guardian Partnership in Alleghany will improve the quality of life for senior citizens in our communities. The $14300 grant will be used to purchase a vehicle for the elderly population in need of home visits.
These grants will provide community coalitions funding to prevent youth substance use and support the good work of SATIRA and Piedmont Regional Community Services to bring together 9th District communities in support of youth drug use prevention efforts.
The town of Chilhowie, Virginia was awarded $232,280.00 in grant funds for the construction of a town farmers’ market. Thanks to this Rural Development grant, our communities will enjoy greater economic opportunity.
The town of Dungannon, Virginia was awarded $27,000.00 in grant funds for the improvement of a town farmers’ market within an existing structure in Dungannon. Thanks to this Rural Development grant, our communities will enjoy greater economic opportunity.
The town of Hillsville, Virginia was awarded $84,720.00 in USDA grant funds for the construction of a building to hold a town farmers’ market. Thanks to this Rural Development grant, our communities will enjoy greater economic opportunity.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 8.27.18 Topic: Reclaiming Damaged Land for New Use
My thoughts are with his family in this time.
I am saddened to hear of the death of Senator John McCain. He showed great courage while enduring terrible hardship as a prisoner of war in Vietnam, and he continued to serve his country with distinction as a congressman, senator, and presidential candidate.
This site in Dickenson County will be restored and become part of the Cranes Nest Trail. Thanks to the support provided by this grant, the trail will be more accessible for the enjoyment of visitors seeking to hike, bike, or ride horses.
Over $3 million will be provided to ready a site for industrial use adjacent to additional sites being prepared for similar use. The project will create jobs and lead to new economic activity in Russell County.
Visiting Covington and speaking with constituents today.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 8.20.18 Topic: The Farm Bill - Supporting Farming for Food and Industry
Celebrated the arrival of Speyside Bourbon Cooperage in Atkins.
Congratulations to Kolbe Bush of Abingdon for earning @theaward     Bronze Medal!
The cleanup of damaged and abandoned land presents great opportunities for economic development and community improvement. Securing funding for reclamation projects has been a priority of mine in the House of Representatives.
Visited Lee County Hospital this afternoon.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 8.13.18 Topic: Health Care: A 2018 Checkup
Today’s announcement means that more health care services will be available in Dickenson County. ARC’s grant supports the good work of the Health Wagon in meeting the need for vital medical, dental, and vision care services among underserved populations.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 8.6.18 Topics: Help for Veterans; Volunteerism
E. Dillon Company of Russell County celebrated its 150th anniversary over the weekend. I attended the festivities along with Senator Ben Chafin and Delegate Todd Pillion.
We are seeking answers in an effort to understand how drug manufacturer practices may have affected the course of the opioid crisis.
Talked with the health care professionals of LewisGale Hospital Montgomery in Blacksburg during my visit today.
Honored to present American flags to veterans in Martinsville this afternoon.
Press Glass is the latest company to recognize that Southside Virginia has the assets for manufacturing to thrive. Its plans to create 212 jobs and invest $43.55 million represent a significant boost for economic development in the area.
Met with representatives of Lee County Hospital this evening.
Educational programs should provide students with the skills they need to thrive in the workforce. Career and technical education programs provide a vital way to prepare prospective employees for jobs.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 7.23.18 Topic: Progress on Rural Broadband
The House of Representatives adopted an amendment I co-sponsored to the Interior and Environment appropriations bill to continue funding for a pilot project to reclaim abandoned mine land, distributing $10 million to
Honored to receive the ⁦@FreedomWorks⁩ FreedomFighter Award for supporting economic freedom and individual liberty.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 7.16.18 Topic: A Lawyer’s
The House Energy and Commerce Committee today advanced bills in a full committee markup, including H.R. 2345, the National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act. Those with thoughts about taking their own lives need to know that other people are ready to
The Energy and Commerce Committee made progress in a bipartisan manner on our priorities today, including connecting more Americans to
For those suffering from serious illnesses, palliative care can bring comfort. I was pleased to support the bipartisan Palliative Care and Hospice Education and Training Act as it advanced out of the Energy and Commerce Committee
Met with Farm Credit of the Virginias to discuss agricultural issues this morning.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 7.9.18 Topic: No, We're Not Cutting Social
While traveling throughout the Ninth District today, I toured the Norton Community Hospital.
I enjoyed meeting with Ninth District constituents during traveling office hours in Norton today.
I accompanied Governor Northam in Dungannon today as the Scott County Economic Development Authority announced a $3.76 million investment by Mountain Top Timber Products to bring 50 new jobs to the county for the Virginia-grown timber industry.
Happy Independence Day!Read on to learn more about the familiar names that link the American Revolution to Southwest and Southside Virginia:
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 7.2.18 Topic: The Real Independence Day?
Joined Lee County’s 4th of July celebration in Jonesville yesterday.
Honored to speak at Andrew Lewis Day in Salem. Among the attendees were Bob Bushnell and Lewis Pitzer, descendants of Andrew Lewis.
Griffith Dam Bills Pass Senate
This Rural Development funding is good news for SWVA. Norton Clintwood will be able to replace their older police vehicles. The more modern equipment provided by these grants and loans will support the work of our police officers enhance public safety
Had a good visit with Buchanan County Supervisor Trey Adkins this afternoon.
See when Ninth District staff will hold traveling office hours in your jurisdiction for July:
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 6.25.18 Topics: Farm Bill; House Action on Opioids
Toured the William King Museum of Art in Abingdon today. Thanks to the museum’s director, Betsy White, for showing me around.
Together, the House has acted to support the people in our communities struggling with opioid addiction.
Griffith Statement on “Goodlatte Bill” to Reform Immigration
I met with members of the National Federation of Independent Businesses today and discussed the benefits of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act for small businesses.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 6.15.18 Topic: Working Across the Aisle to Solve the Opioid Problem
Griffith Applauds Award of $50,000 Grant to Fight Drug Abuse in Roanoke County
Griffith Bill to Combat Opioid Crisis Passes House
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 6.11.18 Topic: America’s Energy Future Depends on Research
Griffith Applauds ARC Grant for Buchanan County
I’m working on a bipartisan bill to improve mental heath care access for our children.
I met with Virginia Tech's Dr. Roe-Hoan Yoon this afternoon to discuss rare earth elements, which could be a part of Southwest Virginia's economic future.
I had the honor of knowing one of the heroes who came back, Bob Slaughter, and introducing him to my daughter. Bob and many of his generation are gone now, but we will always remember the brave soldiers who fought on D-Day for our freedom.
These soldiers included the Bedford Boys of the 116th Infantry Regiment of the 29th Division of the Virginia National Guard, headquartered in Roanoke, and nineteen of them did not survive the day.
Seventy-four years ago, Allied soldiers stormed the beaches of Normandy to liberate the European continent from Nazi tyranny.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 6.4.18 Topics: Drug Prices, Gag Clauses, and Sunlight; North Korea; Telephone Town Halls
While in Richlands yesterday, I visited Richlands Pharmacy to talk about issues facing pharmacies. These discussions are ongoing. I also stopped by King Kone for custard and talked with some of the other customers.
Congratulations to the graduates of Mountain Mission School in Grundy. I was honored to deliver the commencement address today.
Touring Wytheville Community College this afternoon with President Dr. Dean Sprinkle and Vice President of Workforce Development Perry Hughes.
Attending today's Bland County Business Appreciation Cookout.
Congratulations to members of American Heritage Girls Troop VA 2345 who received the Presidential Volunteer Service Award last night!
Participated in the grand opening of the JBR Vineyards Winery in Giles County this afternoon.
I honored Memorial Day in Marion, joining its parade and speaking at a ceremony at the Veterans of Foreign Wars post.
From the fallen of Lexington to Fallujah, we thank the men and women who paid the ultimate price for our freedom.
It was an honor to participate in a ceremony in Nickelsville this Memorial Day weekend.
Honored to be named a 2018 Medicare Advantage Champion by the Coalition for Medicare Choices.
Met this morning with representatives of United Steelworkers, including constituents and workers at the Yokohama plant in Salem.
Had a good meeting this afternoon with the American College of Emergency Physicians, including Dr. John Turski from Ceres.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 5.21.18 Topics: Improving Care for Veterans; Fixing America’s Immigration System
Congressman Griffith attended the 39th Annual Coal Conference today hosted by the Virginia Coal Energy Alliance, Southern States Energy Board, and the Virginia Center for Coal Energy Research at Virginia Tech.
It was my pleasure to meet with local law enforcement officials during National Police Week, including Roanoke County Police Chief Howard Hall and James Belcher of the Christiansburg Police Department and his family.
Today’s markup is the latest step in our work to address the opioid crisis that has devastated families in the Ninth District and across the country. For our family, friends, and neighbors that grapple with the scourge of opioids, more help is on the way.
Happy to meet with realtors from the Ninth District this week and to hear their concerns about issues affecting their profession.
Met with community development advocates today, including representatives of Appalachian Community Action Development Agency, HOPE, and People Inc. They were happy to hear that People Inc. of Abingdon has received a $2,163,567 grant from the Dept. of Health and Human Services.
This bill would study the deployment of School Resource Officers across the country to better understand how these officers are used effectively. I hope this bill will become law and I will continue working to improve school safety.
I’ve heard from a lot of Ninth District residents concerned about school safety. A bill I cosponsored, the School Resource Officer Assessment Act, would help address their concerns, and I’m pleased that it passed the House.
This National Police Week, we honor the men and women of law enforcement who gave their lives in the line of duty. Protecting our communities can come at a cost, and many police officers have paid the ultimate price.
Congressman Griffith visited the Salem VA Medical Center today to participate in Research Week.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 5.14.18 Topic: A Real Chance to Cut Spending
Congressman Griffith participated in the announcement that $1.5 million had been awarded to the Pocahontas Exhibition Mine as part of the Abandoned Mine Land Pilot Program.
Great to meet with constituents and AARP representatives Lorraine Bratton and Ben Crawford this morning.
@RobWittman and I remembered Virginia Tech President Emeritus Charles Steger on the House floor this evening.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 5.7.18 Topic: Working to Keep Schools Safe
Griffith Statement on Passing of Virginia Tech President Emeritus Charles Steger
Honored to attend the dedication ceremony of the Rex Gearhart Memorial Garden at Virginia High School in Bristol today.
UVa-Wise hosted a program on fighting the opioid crisis today in Galax. I joined the participants in examining this epidemic and ways to address it.
Congratulations to the winner of the 2018 Congressional Art Competition!
Meeting about school safety in Bristol this afternoon.
Helping to cut the ribbon at the Patrick County Farm Bureau Ag Expo.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 4.27.18 Topic: What a Difference a Year Makes
To find a #DEATakeBackDay collection site near you, visit
Honored to be recognized as an Historic Tax Credit Champion today by @SavingPlaces.
Find out here when Ninth District staff will be holding office hours in your jurisdiction during the month of May:
It was good to see members of the Virginia Bankers Association on Capitol Hill today, including Bill Hayter of Abingdon, the Association's Chairman and the President CEO of First Bank Trust.
RT @HouseCommerce: ICYMI: #SubHealth Chairman @michaelcburgess leads special order on the House floor on the #OpioidCrisis &gt;&gt;
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 4.23.18 Topic: Helping to Solve a Community Crisis
“@savingplaces appreciated Rep. Griffith’s leadership during the tax reform debate to preserve the #HistoricTaxCredit. His support helped ensure the program will continue to spur investment in Virginia’s Main Street communities.” @shawsprague, senior director of govt. relations
I had good meetings today with Ninth District residents in town with the Independent Insurance Agents and Brokers of America and the American Association of Ophthalmology.
I participated in a @HouseCommerce roundtable today with families impacted by the opioid crisis.
Congressman Griffith took questions from sixth- and seventh-grade students at Roanoke Catholic Middle School who were visiting the Capitol today.
She lived her life in the public eye with tremendous grace and humor. My thoughts are with her family at this difficult time.
Barbara Bush filled a unique role in American history as only the second woman to be the wife of one President of the United States and mother to another. I was honored to meet her when campaigning for George H. W. Bush and, later, George W. Bush.
Today we remember the 32 lives lost and the lives forever changed at Virginia Tech eleven years ago.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 4.13.18 Topic: More Good News From Tax Reform
#AskMorganGriffith
Thomas Jefferson was born in Virginia 275 years ago today. Do you know which three of his many accomplishments are listed on his tombstone? Hint: the text of one of them is pictured below.
It's been a busy week in the House, with work on a Balanced Budget Amendment, opioids, Facebook, Puerto Rico recovery, and energy, among some of the topics. I'll take your questions on these and other issues #AskMorganGriffith.
ICYMI - This morning I joined Breitbart News Daily to talk Facebook, the tech industry, and free speech. Listen here:
Tune in tomorrow at 7:40am to hear me discuss Zuckerberg, Facebook, and misinformation on Breitbart News Daily
#ZuckerbergHearing
Waiting to question Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg at today's @HouseCommerce hearing, happening now.
Congressman Griffith toured the WestRock plant in Covington this morning, meeting with employees as well as EPA Regional Administrator Cosmo Servidio.
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 4.9.18 Topic: Maggie Walker and Community Banks
Congressman Griffith's Weekly E-Newsletter 3.30.18 Topic: Hallelujah!
#askmorgangriffith
