Had a great tour of @IPSCRANES earlier today. I was glad to learn more about the important role they play in supporting Minnesota’s railway system.
Congrats to the Greenway Raiders on today's win! Great game! @GHSRAIDERPUCK
Getting ready to watch @GHSRAIDERPUCK face off against Mahtomedi in the Class A semifinals on @kstc45! #TheTourney19
I will always stand up for the freedom to choose our own leaders. What I won’t stand for is Washington D.C. taking over elections. That’s why I could not vote in support of H.R. 1, a bill that would mandate government funding for candidate robocalls and negative ads.
I was glad to meet with members of the Minnesota Police and Peace Officers Association this afternoon and let them know what we are doing at the federal level to support them. I will always have the backs of our brave law enforcement officers!
I was proud to receive the Congressional Champion of Change Award from @NDSS. This award is special to me bc my 16 yr old son Isaac has Down syndrome. As Isaac’s dad, and now as a member of Congress, I promise to always be a strong advocate for those who live with disabilities.
Huge congrats to @GHSRAIDERPUCK for beating Delano in the 1st round of the State Hockey Tournament. What a game! #TheTourney19
Thanks for stopping by!
This announcement is great news! The gray wolf has been recovered for years. Management decisions should be made at the state level and not by Washington bureaucrats.
This week, the Army Corps of Engineers stopped by my office to discuss Soo Locks and various projects in #MN08.
Had a great meeting with Fond du Lac Tribal Chairman Kevin DuPuis earlier today!
A huge thanks to my friend @SteveScalise for getting me a King Cake on Fat Tuesday! Laissez les bon temps rouler!
Today, I introduced a bill to require any barrier along the U.S. – Mexico border be made of steel produced in the United States. This will help northern Minnesota’s mining economy and strengthen national security. Learn more:
Yesterday, I had the chance to spend time w/the good people of Walker, MN. I held a small biz roundtable to hear from local biz leaders then held my 1st “Congressman on the Corner” event to hear about the issues that matter most to the community. Thx to everyone who came out!
Congrats to all of the #MN08 hockey teams that are state-bound! Best of luck to the coaches and players from @Houndsupdates, @NBHShockey, @GHSRAIDERPUCK. Play hard and have fun! #TheTourney19
This is incredibly disappointing. Minnesotans should not have to wait any longer for a project that would protect the environment, create thousands of union jobs, and generate millions of dollars in revenue for our rural schools.
We would love to have both MN Senators introduce a Senate companion!
A well-deserved honor!
Constituent service is my number one priority, which is why my staff is happy to hold mobile office hours every week to reach people across #MN08.
Had a productive meeting with @MnDOTnews this morning. We spoke about how the state and federal government can better work together to improve Minnesota’s roads, bridges, and highways!
Black History Month is an important time to honor the many contributions made by African Americans. That’s why I’m glad I had the chance to celebrate Willie O’Ree, the 1st African American player in the NHL. He now works to make hockey more welcoming for kids of every background.
I introduced legislation to return the BWCA reservation portal back to the effective lottery system in place prior to the USFS changing it to a first-come, first-serve basis. This is what the people of #MN08 want, and I am happy to deliver.
RT @MNFOP: Thank you @RepPeteStauber for always having the backs of the brothers and sisters on the front lines! #FOPStrong
I voted against H.R. 8 bc it would infringe on the 2nd Amendment rights of law-abiding citizens, while doing nothing to prevent mass violence. Earlier today, I argued against H.R. 8 spoke about why the Mass Violence Prevention Act is a better solution.
Thanks to the Minnesota Fraternal Order of Police for stopping by my office, and an even bigger thanks for all the important work that you do! @MNFOP
I voted against the lands package last night bc it didn't include my PolyMet land exchange bill, which would unleash the #economicengine in our state. I could not back legislation that disregards the needs of #MN08 and the hardworking folks who live there.
This afternoon, I had a great meeting with Ben from Cloquet and Nick from Aitkin. Both young men are members of the Minnesota Agriculture and Rural Leadership Program. We had an excellent discussion on agriculture’s role in Minnesota and infrastructure opportunities in #MN08.
Last night, 44 Senate Democrats voted against legislation that would protect infants after they're born. This is absolutely sickening. Every life is precious, so I will continue to fight until the Born Alive Protection Act is law.
RT @GLFOP: We would also like to thank @RepOHalleran @RepPeteStauber for being original co-sponsors.These members of Congress know what i…
Tonight, I spoke on the House Floor to outline the harmful impact the Green New Deal would have on Minnesota. Watch my speech here:
With the increase in attacks on law enforcement officers, we must do more to protect these brave men women. That’s why I cosponsored the Protect and Serve Act, which would implement heavy penalties on anyone who deliberately inflicts violence on a law enforcement officer.
I took a tour of the Range Regional Airport in Hibbing. I was recently named to the @TransportGOP Subcommittee on Aviation, so it was great to learn more about what they are doing to keep us connected and support the surrounding communities.
During my tour of Mesabi Range Community and Technical College this afternoon, I ran into a student who I used to coach in hockey. Cade knew I was coming to visit and even brought me one of my favorite snacks. Thanks Cade, it was great to see you!
#OTD, 39 years ago, the United States Olympic Hockey team came together to do the impossible: beat the Soviet Union. The hard work and determination of this team, led by Coach Herb Brooks, still inspires me today. Happy #MiracleOnIce Day!
This week, I toured @FLOEIntl and learned more about the workforce shortages currently impacting the manufacturing industry. I am committed to supporting programs that prepare students w/ the knowledge and hands-on experience necessary for jobs in this critical industry.
Today, the USFS announced they would be delaying the relaunch of the BWCA reservation system by another week. Learn more by reading my full statement:
I enjoyed addressing the legislative breakfast at the Duluth St. Louis County at the Capitol event this morning. In my speech, I highlighted the need for more bipartisanship as we work to improve our state and nation.
Today, I stopped by the Home Depot in Baxter to learn about some of the top issues that impact the store and celebrate the associates who have worked here for 19 years. It was a great visit! @HomeDepotGR
Thanks for having me!
While most federal government offices in DC are closed today because of a little snow, my office is still open for business!
During the partial government shutdown, Jodi I donated my salary to the Domestic Abuse Intervention Project in Duluth. Yesterday, we had the opportunity to sit down with representatives from this organization to learn more about the work they do to keep battered women safe.
Today, we recognize and honor all of our Presidents who have helped shape this great nation. #PresidentsDay
Do you need help with a federal agency? If you can’t get an answer from a federal agency in a timely fashion, or feel that you have been treated unfairly, my office may be able to help.
Huge congrats to @PHMirage players and coaches on advancing to state. Good luck!
Today, I spoke on the House Floor to highlight the urgent need to replace Enbridge’s #Line3. The voters of #MN08 sent me to Congress to advocate for their jobs the safe use of our natural resources, so I will cont. to champion this commonsense project.
There is no one more qualified to stop those who threaten violence than the men and women in law enforcement, so today I cosponsored legislation that will extend retired officers concealed carry privileges. Learn more:
Small businesses are the lifeblood of our economy and must be supported. Today, during a @HSBCgop hearing, I highlighted some policies I believe will open the door for small business success in the 116th Congress. To hear my remarks, click here:
It was a pleasure running into Air Force Secretary, Heather Wilson last night. We had the chance to talk about potential opportunities for the @148FW in Duluth! @SecAFOfficial
Had the chance to meet with Acting Secretary of the U.S. Department of Interior, David Bernhardt. I have been impressed with his in-depth knowledge of issues important to Minnesota and look forward to seeing him confirmed as Secretary of the Interior soon. @DOIDepSec
RT @RepTomEmmer: My colleagues and I have urged @GovTimWalz not to continue the appeal on the PUC decision regarding the @Enbridge #Line3 r…
.@GovTimWalz made the wrong call today, as the replacement of Line 3 is in the best interest of our state. Read my full statement here:
Had the pleasure to meet with delegates from @SOMinnesota and discuss the great ways that they are promoting inclusion and unity within schools. I am in awe of these young leaders! #SOHillDay #choosetoinclude
Today, I had the privilege to call Nathan Jenkins from #MN08 and inform him of his acceptance to the U.S. Naval Academy. I could not be more proud of Nathan for answering the call to serve. America's future is bright because of young leaders like Nathan.
Want to receive my weekly newsletter to learn more about the work I am doing for Minnesota's Eighth Congressional District? If so, sign up here:
Thanks to everyone who came out to my forum on the BWCA reservation system failure. I had the chance to listen to a lot of stakeholders and we all agree it is important this situation is quickly rectified.
Today, I was proud to co-sponsor @RepHartzler’s legislation, the Empowering Law Enforcement to Fight Sex Trafficking Demand Act, because sex trafficking has no place in the world.
I am so thankful that Sara and Ari are interning in my office this semester. They are doing an incredible job and have been a huge help to my office!
Thanks for coming to testify, @GovTimWalz. I agree- we must bring our nation’s infrastructure into the 21st century!
Such a cool experience. Thanks for showing me around Matt! @HockeyCHC
Addressing our nation’s crumbling infrastructure is a bipartisan issue I look forward to working with all of my colleagues on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee to modernize our nation's network of roads, bridges waterways. @TransportGOP
Proud to have Team Stauber representing here tonight. Here are a few members of my staff with Stanley Champ and #MN08 native Matt Niskanen!
Glad to have the opportunity to participate in the @HockeyCHC tonight with a few of my colleagues!
Every life is precious and must be defended which is why I am proud to cosponsor @RepAnnWagner’s Born Alive Survivors Protection Act. This critical bill would outlaw and penalize infanticide in the U.S.
Huge thanks to @RepGarretGraves for the delicious King Cake! Team Stauber absolutely loved it!
Read my full statement on the #SOTU here:
The unfair trade policies of other countries have been hurting American workers for too long. I was pleased to co-introduce the Reciprocal Trade Act to create free AND fair trade for the American worker. It was great to hear @POTUS mention this bill as a top priority the #SOTU!
I look forward to hearing @POTUS’ plan our nation during tonight’s State of the Union Address. Be sure to tune in at 8:00 CT.
Excited to lace up my skates and play in the Congressional Hockey Game with some of my fellow lawmakers tomorrow night. Wish us luck! @HockeyCHC
RT @mnmsba: Thank you Rep. Angie Craig (@AngieCraigMN) and Rep. Peter Stauber (@RepPeteStauber) for your bipartisan support for special edu…
RT @RepSamGraves: News coverage of today focuses on gridlock. Frequently ignored is the fact that there are issues where both parties the…
Every student should be allowed to succeed. That’s why I am committed to working across the aisle with @RepAngieCraig to ensure the federal government upholds its decades-old promise to fund special education.
This week I had the chance to tour @clcmnedu and speak to a Political Science class about the top issues facing our nation. Thanks to CLC President Hara Charlier and Steve Wenzel for the tour!
Earlier this week I sat down with acting EPA Administrator Andrew Wheeler to discuss how my Superior National Forest Land Exchange Act would encourage the responsible development of our resources and help to create good paying jobs in #MN08. @EPAAWheeler
Incredibly concerned that the new Boundary Waters Canoe Area Reservation System crashed on its first day. Read my full statement here:
Today, Isabella from Duluth came with me to the House Floor during votes. It’s always great to see members of the next generation take an interest in government and American politics!
Thanks for meeting with me!
Thx to the United Mine Workers of America for stopping by my office and speaking with me about the critical need to protect America’s miners against the looming pension crisis. Our miners helped build this nation and deserve the benefits they have rightfully earned! @MineWorkers
ICYMI: I recently co-sponsored a bill that would help end unfair trade practices that have been disadvantaging American workers for decades. Learn more:
On Holocaust Remembrance Day, #WeRemember the millions of lives lost at the hands of the evil Nazi Regime and vow to never let this happen again.
False. Replacing Line 3 would be a win-win for MN. It would create more jobs, increase energy security, and ensure the safe transfer of our resources. Let's unleash the #economic engine!
RT @KBJR6news: Rep. Stauber talks about being the new guy in Washington and the border security
This past weekend, I had the privilege of attending a ceremony honoring 25 @MNNationalGuard soldiers who will deploy to the Middle East. Our nation is stronger thanks to these brave men and women, and I am so grateful for their service.
It isn't right that federal workers are missing paychecks because of DC dysfunction. That’s why in addition to donating my Congressional salary, I've voted twice to pay federal workers while funding negotiations continue. Unfortunately, some of my colleagues disagree.
Are you signed up for my newsletter yet? If not, you can do so here:
Today we honor the life and profound legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. His legacy of love, justice and equality will live on forever.
Happy #HDM2019! Hockey Day Minnesota has become one of the State of Hockey’s greatest traditions. Good luck to everyone participating and make sure to keep warm out there!
I am inspired by the thousands of Americans who are marching side by side in defense of the unborn. As the father of four beautiful children, I have always believed that each life has value and should be protected. In Congress, I promise to always stand up for life.
RT @westerncaucus: The Superior National Forest Land Exchange Act of 2019 will be a major job creator in the region with an estimated annua…
Proud to announce that I will be serving on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee this Congress! @TransportGOP
My office is currently looking to hire interns for the summer semester. If you are a college student or recent graduate looking to gain valuable work experience, then apply for an internship in my office today:
ICYMI: This week I introduced legislation that will bring good paying jobs to northeast Minnesota! Learn more:
RT @westerncaucus: .⁦@RepPeteStauber⁩: “Like all Minnesotans, I treasure our state’s natural beauty. With 21st century technology, responsi…
This afternoon, I introduced my first bill in the U.S. House of Representatives! I am proud that my bill, the Superior National Forest Land Exchange Act of 2019, will help unleash the economic engine in our state. Learn more here:
As a 23-year law enforcement officer, I want to thank all of Minnesota’s law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line every day to keep our communities safe. We are so grateful for each and every one of you.
Heartbroken to hear of the loss of Officer K9 Haas the injuries sustained by his handler, Officer Aaron Haller. My prayers are w/ Officer Haller as he recovers from his injuries and the entire Duluth Police Department as they mourn the loss of K-9 Haas.
Today, I spoke on the House Floor for the first time and highlighted the urgent need to secure the southern border. Watch here:
Thanks for meeting with us!
In the 116th Congress, I plan to introduce and support legislation that will keep the economy moving, bring quick and reliable internet to every corner of #MN08, and fight the opioid epidemic that is currently plaguing our nation. Learn more:
Do you need help with a federal agency? If you can’t get an answer from a federal agency in a timely fashion, or feel that you have been treated unfairly, my office may be able to help.
RT @USArmy: Today is #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay.  Thank you to all law enforcers who train hard to keep us safe every day. #USArmy ph…
The absence of strong border security encourages illegal immigration, human trafficking, the spread of illicit drugs. As a law enforcement officer of 23 yrs, I know that Minnesotans want a nation of law and order. It is time to secure our border keep the American people safe.
It's not right for members of Congress to be paid while parts of the federal government remain shut down. Rather than sending my pay back to the federal government, Jodi I have decided to give this money to those who need it most.
I am sad to hear that Tom Rukavina has passed away. He cared deeply about Minnesota and will be missed. My prayers are with his family during this difficult time.
Subscribing to my newsletter is one of the best ways to stay updated on the work I am doing for #MN08. Sign up today:
Thanks @VOANews for capturing my first day in Congress!
I look forward to working with you Tom!
Thank you for electing me to represent #MN08. I am humbled by this opportunity and am glad to have my family by my side as I start this new adventure. I promise to be a strong voice for Minnesotans in Congress as we work to address the many challenges facing the nation.
My DC office is officially open for business! If you're a resident of Minnesota's 8th District and planning a trip to DC, please stop by 126 Cannon House Office Building. We are here to serve you!
