On #InternationalWomensDay we celebrate the leadership and achievements of women around the world. Here are four of the amazing women in my life – whose incredible achievements have made their Papaw very proud.
RT @BallJacki: Thank you @RepRutherfordFL for your leadership on School Safety, especially the Stop School Violence Act that was enacted a…
Seismic testing and its effects would harm the nearly extinct Atlantic right whale. I am fighting to both prevent this testing and save the right whale, because our coastal economies depend on a healthy ocean ecosystem. Retweet if you agree!
While I supported the resolution, I am disappointed we did not denounce her hateful views unequivocally. I will always stand with the Jewish people and against anti-semitism in all forms. The damaging Jewish stereotypes that lead to atrocities in history cannot be repeated today.
After waiting a full week since @Ilhan made more abhorrent, anti-Semitic comments, @SpeakerPelosi still failed to hold her truly accountable. She caved to the far left and brought a condemnation resolution to the floor that had no mention of Rep. Omar.
RT @oceana: #BREAKING: The SAVE the Right Whales Act will support efforts to reduce the impacts human activities have on the highly endange…
RT @SecNielsen: The truth is that the politics and policies of open borders have failed the American people.
Instead of endangering our elections and using the government as a political action committee, Democrats should choose to be #ForThePeople by rejecting #HR1 and protecting the American values of freedom and liberty that make our country great.
Just three months into the Majority, radical left Democrats have introduced legislation to ban air travel, eliminate private health insurance, restrict gun ownership, politicize our electoral process, and institute what amounts to a socialist government right here in America.
#HR1 will bypass individual state laws by allowing convicted felons to vote – even those convicted of election fraud. How does that make our elections freer or fairer? #NOTForThePeople
In #HR1, every time someone contributes to a congressional campaign, the federal government will use your tax dollars to match that person’s donation by 600%. What if you don't agree with their politics? Doesn't matter.
First, Democrats offered money to those unwilling to work in the #GreenNewDeal. Now, they want to squander taxpayer money that could support veterans, border security, or education and use it to fund partisan campaigns.
This week House Democrats will hold a vote on #HR1, a 500 page boondoggle to extend their radical government takeover from the #GreenNewDeal and #MedicareForAll to our federal election system. In short, HR 1 is NOT #ForThePeople but for the politicians.
One veteran suicide is too many, yet 20 veterans tragically take their lives every day. We must work together to end this epidemic and get our vets and their families the resources they need. I thank @realDonaldTrump for his unwavering support for our nation’s heroes.
Proud to join @RepValDemings to reintroduce the Protect and Serve Act. This bipartisan bill passed the House last year and would create federal penalties for deliberately targeting local, state, or federal law enforcement officers with violence. 
RT @JAXPORT: “We want to see JAXPORT become the logistics hub of the Eastern seaboard and this is a big step forward in that direction. Thi…
174 years old and she still looks great! I’m honored to represent a little piece of paradise in Northeast Florida.
RT @RepKevinBrady: Growing paychecks for the middle class/low income was desperately needed after a decade of stagnant wages. Didn’t happ…
Remember, the size of your refund is not indicative of the taxes you paid. Getting a huge refund in April just means that the government got an interest free loan from your paycheck all year long. I remain focused on letting you keep more of your hard-earned money.
Additionally, tax experts find that 90% of middle class families are expected to receive an average tax cut of almost 2%. This is more than what the wealthiest Americans can expect to receive.
Instead of celebrating America's economic success, Democrats are desperate to disprove that tax cuts work. Now it looks like they'll have to find another talking
We are living in one of the most economically prosperous times in recent American history. This is directly related to low-tax, pro-growth policies that allow folks to keep more of their hard-earned money.
I was pleased to welcome leaders from @UFHealthJax today to talk about healthcare challenges facing Northeast Florida. I thank them and all healthcare professionals for their dedication to a healthy community.
Today I voted to support our professionals on the ground who are working hard to keep America safe from drugs, crime, and human trafficking. We cannot delay securing our border any longer.
Please join me in sending prayers to my friend Mayor
RT @GLFOP: FOP National President welcomes another top priority, the "Protect and Serve Act" by @RepRutherfordFL and @RepValDemings. "Thi…
As a member of the House Appropriations Subcommittee that oversees and funds the VA, I will continue to fight for veterans in Northeast Florida and across America.
Today I had the opportunity to question @SecWilkie about what the VA is doing to ensure veterans have access to quality health care. Specifically I asked how to improve physician recruitment and support important programs like K9s for Warriors.
Last night with a number of my colleagues I urged the Senate to protect newborn babies. Unfortunately, Democrats made clear their willingness to allow babies to die after being born alive. A sad day for our nation. #ProLife #BornAlive
Infanticide is murder, not healthcare. Surely Democrats can agree?#ProLife
RT @SenRickScott: The Sunshine State is ready to welcome @Amazon with open arms! We know what a good job can mean for a family. And unlik…
Proud to be an original cosponsor on     @RepDonBacon’s LEOSA Reform Act which allows retired law enforcement to conceal carry across state lines. Our retired officers have what it takes to protect the community and should be empowered to do so no matter where they are located.
I had the privilege of attending the 80th anniversary celebration of the Greater Beaches VFW Post 3270 and spoke a few words in appreciation of these veterans and their service. It was such an honor to be with those men and women who have given so much to our country.
RT @Nature_Florida: As always, @RepRutherfordFL proves to be a champion of our coasts, ocean and economy. Thank you for leading the way to…
Please see my statement on @realDonaldTrump declaring a national emergency.
This is in addition to $75 million already distributed to strengthen school security, including $4 million in Florida alone. Our students deserve to feel safe at school and Congress is committed to offering real-world solutions to the problem of school violence.
Last night, Congress appropriated $100 million for my STOP School Violence Act, which distributes grants to invest in early intervention programs and increase communication between schools and law enforcement.
My statement on the government funding bill that just passed the House of Representatives.
Today we mourn and remember those who lost their lives one year ago in the senseless murders at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. I continue to pray that their family and friends find
Frank Stephens has both Down Syndrome and a life worth living. He says: “On abortion, I don’t want to make it illegal – I want to make it unthinkable. Politicians change laws – I want to change people’s hearts.” Together, we can make late-term abortion unthinkable AND illegal.
RT @MjrCitiesChiefs: We welcome the Honorable Representatives @BillPascrell and @RepRutherfordFL as they address @MjrCitiesChiefs @MCSher…
.@SpeakerPelosi should bring the #GreenNewDeal to the House floor so we can all go on record as either supporting or disavowing a socialist government. The American people deserve to know.
It was an honor to meet with an impressive young man and Special Olympics athlete, Daniel Fundora. He agreed with the sign in my office: "Never, never, never give up." #SOHillDay
There's a "new" Sheriff in town! Great to see my old friend and @JSOPIO Sheriff Mike Williams on Capitol Hill today. Thank you for all that you do to keep Northeast Florida safe.
RT @WOKVNews: Northeast Florida Congressman John Rutherford introduces bill to prevent seismic testing in the Atlantic Ocean
We cannot allow our nation to move towards destructive, socialist policies that endanger the liberties our forefathers fought so hard to preserve.
In just one month under @SpeakerPelosi's leadership, Democrats have:Proposed giving money to those unwilling to work,Been forced to apologize for #antisemitic rhetoric, andRefused to condemn infanticideI urge my colleagues to reject this radical, un-American agenda.
The waters off the East Coast are home to vulnerable mammal populations, military operations, tourist destinations, and a vibrant maritime economy. Allowing seismic testing is unnecessary and potentially hazardous to the coastal communities that rely on a healthy ecosystem.
Proud to join my colleague @CongressmanJVD in introducing the bipartisan Atlantic Coastal Economic Protection Act, which will protect the Atlantic Coast from seismic testing in federal waters, the first step towards offshore drilling. #ProtectOurCoast #NoSeismic #BlocktheBlast
I'm joining @FoxBusiness at 6pm to discuss border security and #Amazon. Consider tuning in!
.@realDonaldTrump has made #infrastructure investment a national priority. I was proud to welcome @SecElaineChao from @USDOT to Jacksonville today to celebrate two federal grant awards totaling $25 million. This is a big win for Jacksonville and our entire Northeast FL region.
The #GreenNewDeal is dangerous for our country. Free will dies with a socialist agenda. I hope my colleagues across the aisle reject these socialist proposals and find ways to address our nation’s challenges without resorting to authoritarian policies.
The most ridiculous part of #GreenNewDeal is how they propose paying for it – extending unspecified credit from the Federal Reserve. However, they reassure us that “the question isn’t how will we pay for it, but what will we do with our new shared prosperity.” Shared Prosperity?
In the #GreenNewDeal, Democrats would provide a job for everyone in America, but they would also give money to those “unwilling to work.” Why take the job when staying home pays the bills?
In the #GreenNewDeal, Democrats would eliminate all air travel, which may make it difficult to get around both domestically and internationally. Although they did acknowledge they “aren’t sure that we’ll be able to fully get rid of farting cows."
This morning, the office of @AOC and progressive Democrats released a now-deleted proposal of their socialist agenda for America known as the #GreenNewDeal. In case you missed it, here are some of the highlights:
RT @JAXChamber: Secretary Chao will join Mayor Curry, Congressman @RepRutherfordFL, @FDOT_Secretary Kevin Thibault, Jacksonville City Counc…
RT @Nemours: Nemours CEO, Dr Larry Moss and @RepRutherfordFL on Capitol Hill after a great discussion around policies that can benefit chil…
Check out my interview this morning with @WJXTvic and @wjxt4 to discuss @realDonaldTrump's #SOTU
The Jewish people are the apple of God’s eye. Thank you @realdonaldtrump for standing strong with Israel and Jewish people everywhere. #SOTU
While some Democrats in Congress tout the “benefits” of socialism, #Venezuela has seen its deadly effects. We must stand strong for the American principles of freedom and liberty that make our country great. #SOTU
Infanticide is not healthcare.At 20 weeks: A baby feels painAt 22 weeks: A baby can survive premature birthAnd yet, some heartbreaking state proposals seek to kill newborn babies. Thank you @realDonaldTrump  for your unwavering support of the unborn #ProLife #SOTU
Securing our porous border and solving our humanitarian crisis requires a multi-layered approach #SOTU
As a former sheriff, I support @realDonaldTrump's dedication to reforming our criminal justice system and giving our fellow citizens a second chance. The #FirstStepAct is not soft on crime, but smart on crime. #SOTU
It is unquestionable that our nation is stronger today under @realDonaldTrump than two years ago. Highest expected GDP growth since 2005Fastest wage growth in a decadeHighest Small Business Optimism in 35 yearsImagine what we can accomplish in the years to come. #SOTU
The unemployment rate will be at its lowest point during any #SOTU since 2000. #ChoosingGreatness
Tonight, @realDonaldTrump will deliver the #SOTU in the midst of 100 straight months of job growth. #ChoosingGreatness
This morning I visited @sulzbacherjax and their new community for homeless women and their families. I thank the wonderful staff for the important work they do in an effort to reduce #homelessness and empower women and their families to thrive.
A treaty with ourselves is not a treaty. This is the right call by @realDonaldTrump and a strong response to Russia's aggression and dangerous disregard of our agreements. #INFTreaty
The heartbreaking prevalence of veteran homelessness must continue to be prioritized and addressed. 38,000 homeless #Veterans are counting on us.
Check out this incredible program at the @DeptVetAffairs  aiming to serve our aging #Veterans in need. I thank the foster families for the love and support they give to our nation's heroes.
The wall, technology, and border agents all work together to achieve operational control of our border. If you remove one of these from the equation, our borders become less secure, our country less safe, and our communities at a greater risk of drugs and crime.
I have never seen a drone put handcuffs on a criminal. We need more agents on the ground to make arrests and process individuals who enter our nation illegally.
Drones, alert systems, and other technology monitor our border and direct officers to illegal crossings when and where they occur. But it’s not enough.
Walls, fencing, and other physical impediments discourage illegal crossings. They force traffickers and criminals to spend significant time and effort digging tunnels and climbing, offering law enforcement the time to detect individuals attempting to illegally cross the border.
As a former Sheriff, I know that the best security plans require a multi-layered approach. This remains especially true for our southern border.
Today, a bipartisan, bicameral group of members is meeting to negotiate a package of resources – barriers, technology, and human resources – to help us finally bring our border under operational control.
.@NatlHeadStart programs provide vital services for over 34,000 families and their youngsters in Florida. I enjoyed meeting with local families and leaders today to hear their stories and discuss how Congress can bolster early education in Northeast Florida.
Proud to announce my reappointment to the Appropriations Committee. I look forward to ensuring precious taxpayer dollars are spent wisely while working to promote our national priorities, like a robust national defense, a secure border, and enhanced resources for our veterans.
Great shoutout to the Southern League’s best team! A sign of good things ahead for the @JaxShrimp. #AffordableFamilyFun #CrustaceanNation
Great news for @NASJax_!
My statement on @realDonaldTrump's announcement ending the shutdown:
RT @SenBillCassidy: An increasing number of Democrats in Congress say they are willing to support physical barriers on the southern border:
.@SpeakerPelosi sends Congress home on the day federal employees miss another paycheck. We should be staying in Washington working to find a solution to #EndTheShutdown.
.@realDonaldTrump has offered a compromise to end the shutdown. Instead of coming to the table, @SpeakerPelosi is playing politics with the State of the Union. In the meantime, our federal employees are set to miss their second paycheck. Enough!
Last week I had the opportunity to welcome Liberty Pines Academy to Washington, D.C. It was great to chat with the students and see their enthusiasm for visiting the nation's capital!
Yesterday, I joined the Association for Mature American Citizens for a discussion on the work we are doing in Congress. I appreciated the many questions on securing our border and solving our immigration challenges, as well as protecting Medicare and Social Security.
My statement on @realDonaldTrump’s good faith effort to find compromise:
An organization whose core mission has taken the lives of 61 million unborn children should not receive taxpayer funds. #WhyWeMarch
I had a great time showing off the Capitol to young adults from Northeast Florida in Washington for #MarchForLife. I thank them for their commitment to the sanctity of life and protecting the unborn.
I agree with @realDonaldTrump. Speaker Pelosi should be in Washington to negotiate a compromise for the American people. Federal workers in Northeast Florida deserve better!
WATCH: It is no secret that I have expressed frustration over the Majority’s decision to bring funding bills to the floor that have no chance of being signed into law. Americans deserve a solution which requires a willingness to compromise.
WATCH: House Democrats hit a new low today by using states ravaged by natural disasters as political pawns. They attached a poison pill provision to score political points and ensure the bill's failure, instead of helping fellow citizens in distress.
WATCH: Today I went back to the House floor to urge Speaker Pelosi to end this shutdown by bringing a bill to the floor that Senate will pass and the President will
Please see my statement on Rep. Steve King and today's resolution expressing that the House of Representatives rejects white nationalism and white supremacy.
Please join me in sending prayers for strength and healing to my colleague as he begins a battle with cancer. I know his fighting spirit and positivity will prove resilient during this challenging time.
Honored to be at Mayport this morning with @RepRonEstes and Commander Nathan Rowan, Captain of the newly commissioned #USSWichita. Here’s to fair winds and following seas!
Tune in tomorrow as I welcome the #USSWichita to Mayport!
The House just passed H.R. 221, a bill I cosponsored to combat anti-Semitism. Please see my statement below.
WATCH: Earlier today, I took to the House floor in response to Democrats in Congress calling the border situation a “Manufactured
Just now, I told the House Majority that if they are serious about opening the government and getting people back to work, bring a bill to the floor that the Senate will pass and the President will sign.
RT @SteveScalise: Glad to see the steel slats are deterring illegal immigrants from attempting to cross the border exactly as @realDonaldTr…
Had a great meeting today with St. Augustine @MayorShaver and members of the @floodcoalition to discuss the way flooding impacts coastal communities in NE Florida. Proud to work together on the urgent matter of mitigating the consequences of sea level rise.
Today on #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay we say thank you to all the officers around the country who dedicate their lives to keeping our communities safe. Here is a picture from my first watch assignment at the @JSOPIO Police Station many years ago.
Recently, my friend and colleague @RepHastingsFL led a moment of silence for the six Marines killed in a mid-air collision off the coast of Japan late last year. May God bless their friends and loved ones as we honor their service to our great country.
Proud of the Sailors and Marines aboard Mayport’s own USS Fort McHenry. This display of @USNavy strength is an important response to Russian aggression against our allies.
Thanks to Republican tax cuts, wages continue to rise as employers flood the market with jobs. Let’s keep supporting these pro-growth policies that put the American worker
My statement on Speaker Pelosi’s government funding proposal.
It's no secret our beautiful beaches and coastal communities attract millions every year. Let’s maintain the Sunshine State’s status as a tourist destination by encouraging visitors and preventing environmentally harmful projects like offshore drilling.
Wishing everyone a healthy, happy, and prosperous New Year! May God bless you in 2019 and always.
My family and I wish you a very Merry Christmas! May the love of Jesus surround you all the days of your life. God Bless you and your loved ones on this joyous day!
The House just passed a short-term funding bill that includes the president's border wall request and disaster relief to Florida. Please see my statement below.
I just voted to pass the #FirstStepAct and send it to the President's desk. This bipartisan overhaul of the federal criminal justice system will lower recidivism, ensure fairness for low-level offenders, and help inmates lead productive lives following their time in prison.
I was proud to cosponsor the #BOLDAlzheimersAct and vote for its passage today. This is a major win for families impacted by this terrible disease.
Congratulations to Jennifer Albert for winning the Milken Educator Award, which recognizes innovative teachers, principals, and education specialists around the country. Please watch below my congratulatory message from the House floor recognizing her outstanding achievement.
I hope the Senate votes to pass the #FirstStepAct. Please read my full statement below.
New Congress, new office! Team Rutherford heads to Longworth 1711 along with all the essentials - the @FSUFootball helmet. So come visit us! Even Gators and Canes are welcome. #GoNoles
I was honored to join the @RedCross in writing Christmas cards to our brave men and women in the U.S. Armed Forces. I am forever grateful for the sacrifices they make to keep our country free and safe.
Happy Birthday to the @USNationalGuard! From disaster assistance to combat operations, our National Guardsmen serve in many different capacities to help keep America safe. Thank you for all that you do!
I was proud to support final passage of the 2018 Farm Bill. Congress remains committed to our nation’s farmers and agriculture industry. This legislation is critical for Florida!
Wishing the USS Fort McHenry a safe deployment! May God bless the Sailors and Marines aboard as they bravely serve our nation overseas. 
I recently had the opportunity to honor the extraordinary life of Miss Carrie Johnson from the House floor. Her mission of love and message of hope will live on forever through those she touched. America needs more people like Miss Carrie.
It was an honor to join COL Brady Reed, LT COL Patrick Starkey, and the @USArmyReserve 345th Field Hospital at NAS Jax for their Holiday Ball. God bless these warriors as they prepare to deploy into harm’s way next year.
My heart and prayers go out to the Adams family on this tragic day. Our entire community mourns a life taken too soon.
On this day 77 years ago, we lost 2,403 Americans in the attack on Pearl Harbor. Let us pause to remember these lives and the courage they displayed on that most infamous day. A grateful nation thanks our World War II veterans for their service and sacrifice.
Exciting news for Downtown Jax – @USDOT awarded $25 million for two huge projects to make our streets safer and more efficient. Great to work with @LennyCurry @JTAFLA and my congressional colleagues to secure these investments and help meet our growing infrastructure needs.
Happy Hanukkah to all those celebrating! May your next eight days be filled with lights, family, and happiness.
Excited to welcome the USS Thomas Hudner to #Mayport! This builds on the progress we've made in growing the Navy's investment in Jacksonville.
ICYMI: JAXPORT receives $46 million in additional federal funding to continue the progress on its deep draft navigation project. Very glad to see more investment in this critical initiative that will continue boosting the NE FL shipping economy. 
Wishing all a happy and bountiful Thanksgiving. Let us be most thankful not only for our many blessings as Americans but also for the members of our military, first responders, and many others who are away from their own families today and sacrifice so much to protect us.
Did you know that the First Coast was the true home of the First Thanksgiving? As you gather with family and friends tomorrow, remember that you are following a Florida tradition that dates back to at least
Empowering veterans both during and after their service remains a top priority of mine. Read more in my op-ed for where I discuss transition assistance and how we can do more for those who served.
To all those who put their lives on the line for this country and its citizens, a grateful nation thanks you every day, especially on Veterans Day. We pause to honor the many brave and selfless men and women in our community who served our nation at home and abroad. #VeteransDay
Happy 243rd Birthday to the United States Marines! My thanks go out to our Marines stationed at Blount Island, across the country, and around the world for your service and sacrifice. Semper Fi! #MarineCorpsBirthday
Wishing a very happy Diwali to all who celebrate. May your day be full of light and color!
Honored to attend the @JAXChamber Military Appreciation Luncheon – thanks to VADM Mary Jackson for your inspiring words. Congrats to Capt. Clarence Hill who received the RDML Kevin F. Delaney Hall of Fame Award, which honors veterans for positively impacting our communities.
Earlier this week, I had the opportunity to speak with Beaches Energy Services and learn more about how they helped restore power to thousands of Floridians in the wake of Hurricane Michael. Thank you to these very hard-working and talented linemen!
Honored to receive the Friend of Farm Bureau Award. NE Florida is home to a wide variety of agricultural production, and I am proud to support policies that help our farmers and ranchers feed the nation and the world.
Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day. If you have any unwanted, unused, or expired drugs you can take them to any of the listed locations for safe disposal between 10 am and 2 pm 
Shocked and disgusted by the attempted attacks today. Terror and violence have absolutely no place in our country. I strongly condemn these actions and thank the Secret Service and law enforcement for their swift response.
Congratulations to Stanton College Prep Principal Nongongoma Majova-Seane – a recipient of the @usedgov 2018 Terrel H. Bell Award for Outstanding School Leadership!
It was an honor to speak at the christening of @CrowleyMaritime’s first-of-its-kind LNG cargo vessel. This is American innovation at its best. Proud to support our US maritime industry - critical to both our local economy our national security.
It is my honor to nominate fine young people seeking to serve our country to our national service academies. Thank you to our decorated panel of veteran advisors for your work to evaluate our applicants today.
It's no accident that our nation is enjoying historic economic success - pro-growth policies like regulatory reform are creating jobs and increasing wages across the nation. We are freeing our small businesses to focus on growing - not red tape mandates.
Sgt. Major John Canley just became the 300th Marine to receive the Medal of Honor. Thank you for your distinguished service to our country in Vietnam.
Thank you for your efforts to help our fellow Floridians! #FloridaStrong
Happy 243rd Birthday to the United States Navy! NE FL is proud to be home to so many Sailors and their families. We are forever grateful to our Navy veterans for your service to our nation. #ForgedByTheSea #243NavyBday
Thank you, @POTUS, for recognizing the hard work of @JSOPIO and supporting our state in the wake of #HurricaneMichael. All of NE FL stands ready to help our neighbors and friends recover. #FloridaStrong
Hurricane Michael is quickly approaching the Florida Panhandle and is expected to make landfall tomorrow. This is a very serious storm with alerts issued for Northeast Florida.  Please pay close attention to emergency updates.
The lowest unemployment rate since 1969 – the September jobs report shows another 134k jobs added, continued wage growth, and unemployment down to 3.7%. We will keep fighting for results for the American people! #BetterOffNow
Honored to speak with @AmericanCancer advocates from NE FL. I will continue to support increased funding for cancer research so that we hear more stories of survival like the ones these strong women shared with me.
Last week I supported HR 6, the SUPPORT For Patients and Communities Act, which will increase access to alternative forms of pain management like physical therapy. I look forward to it being signed into law so that we hear more stories of healing like Mr. Scott's.
In January I introduced the STOP School Violence Act - a bipartisan bill to give local schools more tools to keep students safe. I'm proud to share that DOJ has awarded $70M in STOP School Violence grants, including $3.9 million for FL schools.
ICYMI – expect to receive a message on your cell phone tomorrow in the 2pm hour when FEMA tests its national emergency alert systems used to notify the public about dangerous weather, missing children, and other hazardous situations.
Thank you, Staff Sgt. Shurer, for your bravery and courage under fire in defense of our freedom.
Saddened by the loss of FANG-grateful for his service to NE FL. K9s play an important role in public safety as FANG’s heroic display demonstrated.
It was my pleasure to welcome students and parents from the @BollesSchool to the Capitol this morning. Great to see so many young people learning about how their government works!
We also voted to provide critical resources to combat the opioid crisis, expand mental health services, make our schools safer, support early childhood education. Read more about this landmark legislation here 3/3
The bill gives our Sailors stationed at NS Mayport NAS JAX, Marines at Blount Island, all servicemembers a 2.6% pay increase – largest in nine years. It also supports the ships aircraft at these installations the missions they perform. 2/3
Yesterday, my colleagues I voted to send an important @HouseAppropsGOP funding bill to the President’s desk that continues the effort to rebuild our military. The bill demonstrates our ongoing commitment to our national defense our troops. 1/3
@JAXPORT all 15 ports across FL drive our economy and job growth in our state. Pleased to meet with @FloridaPorts today to discuss ways to keep them growing!
For too long, the VA has denied many of our Vietnam vets who were exposed to Agent Orange the benefits they earned. I am proud to support Blue Water Navy vets joined 118 colleagues urging the Senate to pass the bill that corrects this injustice.
Thanks to the Rotary Club of North Jax for having me at your meeting last week - grateful for the opportunity to discuss the issues we're working on in Congress.
I had the great honor of attending A Gathering in the Pines at the POW/MIA Memorial at Cecil Field. We joined vets from across NE FL to honor the 82,000 Americans who have not come home - thanks to all those working to ensure they are never forgotten.
Hope that my friend @RepAlLawsonJr is having a great birthday! Honored to work with you in service of the people of NE FL.
On World Alzheimer’s Day, we recognize the more than 5 million people who suffer from Alzheimer’s disease in the US, their caregivers and family members, and the medical researchers and doctors who work each day to find a cure. Proud to support the research that will #ENDALZ.
Please join me in pausing to remember those who were imprisoned and those who have not come home. You are not forgotten. #HonorThem
In case you missed it – new clinic coming to St. Augustine to provide care for veterans in St. Johns County.
Glad to see @HHSGov award over a billion dollars in grants to continue fighting the opioid crisis. These funds, including more than $60 million for FL, will help states offer prevention, treatment, and recovery services. I will continue to support our efforts to combat addiction.
Great news for veterans in St. Johns County – the VA has awarded a contract to build a new clinic on Stratton Road in St. Augustine. Veterans deserve timely, quality medical care, so I am pleased that this facility will expand services in NE FL.
Wishing an easy fast to all observing a holy day of reflection and forgiveness. G'mar Chatima Tova!
Happy 71st Birthday to the @USAirForce! Fly-Fight-Win!
The American people should be able to evaluate for themselves whether political bias motivated the surveillance of American citizens. Responsible release of FISA documents promotes transparency and accountability.
On #ConstitutionDay, we reflect on this founding document that affirms we are a nation of free people with unalienable rights. I took an oath to support defend our Constitution, and I pledge to protect the rights it enshrines.
Yesterday's passage of the America’s Water Infrastructure Act authorizes critical infrastructure projects across FL including vital beach renourishment flood control in NE FL, funding for our ports, Everglades restoration to help stop algae blooms.
Congress just sent an important measure to the President’s desk that funds care for our veterans, water infrastructure, facilities at NS Mayport. Read my full statement in support of this bipartisan bill here
Sadly, the trafficking, slaughter, and consumption of dogs and cats persists in many foreign nations. The House voted today to protect dogs and cats around the world from slaughter. Thanks to @VernBuchanan @RepHastingsFL for their leadership protecting these beloved animals.
The American middle class is thriving and #betteroffnow thanks to a booming economy.
Seventeen years ago today, our nation experienced a tragedy that forever changed us. Each year on this solemn day, we stop to remember the innocent lives lost. Our prayers continue to be with the families and friends who cherish their lost loved ones.
I had the opportunity to visit @UofNorthFlorida today and received a great tour of the School of Nursing. Proud to support the Osprey community - best wishes to President Szymanski, students, and faculty for the academic year! #SWOOP
A year ago today, Hurricane Irma began devastating FL with wind rain. As we closely watch Hurricane Florence, please remain vigilant, have a hurricane plan, and look out for updates from our local emergency officials should the storm's course shift toward NE FL.
Shana Tova to all celebrating #RoshHashanah! Best wishes for a happy and prosperous new year.
I was honored to join the Vets4Vets of Northeast Florida today at its quarterly gathering of veterans. These heroes spent each day of their service earning and defending our freedom, reminding us of the true meaning of sacrifice.
Wage growth in August highest since 2009 recession, 2.9% surge in average hourly earnings, and lowest unemployment rate in over a decade. More proof that the American worker is #betteroffnow thanks to the @HouseGOP pro-growth agenda.
Honored to be appointed to this Conference Committee to work with @USRepRodney colleagues to responsibly fund federal priorities like clean water projects, roads bridges, homeless veteran assistance natural parks, on time and through regular order.
In 2017, students used $120 billion in federal loans grants to attend college, and they should be aware of the terms when they accept aid. Today, I supported a bipartisan bill to improve financial counseling for students families to give them more tools to succeed.
Thank you to the men and women of @the_USO who work tirelessly to support America's military service members and their families. It was my honor to assist in making care packages with them today.
RT @JSOPIO: We ask that anyone in the area during the Jax Landing incident who may have information contact #JSO at 904-630-0500 or 866-845…
Horrified by what has transpired at The Landing. As we pray for the victims and all the emergency personnel responding to this tragedy, please follow guidance from @JSOPIO as they work to secure the area.
I am saddened by the passing of Senator John McCain and thank him for his service to our nation both in the Navy and in Congress. For decades, his dedication to his country, his family, and his principles have served as an example to us all.
Thanks to a long overdue policy change in FY19 #NDAA - which I strongly supported - Purple Heart recipients, service-connected disabled vets, POWs veteran caregivers will use commissaries in 2020. Thank you to all who sacrificed on behalf of our
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will save FL-04 residents an average $1360 on their 2018 taxes - an average 11% reduction. I will keep fighting for pro-job, pro-growth policies that make all Americans #BetterOffNow Check out more about FL tax savings here:
Today, President Trump posthumously honored Air Force Tech. Sgt. John Chapman with Medal of Honor for his heroic actions in Afghanistan.  Sgt. Chapman stands in a long line of brave Americans willing to sacrifice their lives for freedom around the world. 
I offer my deepest condolences to the friends and family of Clay County Deputy Ben Zirbel, who tragically passed away. His passion and dedication for his fellow citizens will not be forgotten. Our thoughts prayers are with his family and loved ones.
All Medicare beneficiaries in FL will receive a new Medicare card in the coming weeks.  The new cards will use a randomly-assigned Medicare number instead of a beneficiary’s Social Security Number – this guards against identity theft.  Learn more below.
Thanks to @POTUS for saluting the officers of @CBP @ICEgov today for the work they do to keep us safe. These public servants play important roles in enforcing our laws preventing the illegal entry of people contraband. We appreciate your service!
Appreciate @FLGovScott touting jobs in St. Augustine today at @SolarStik - one of many growing employers providing opportunities for First Coast families. Fed, state, and local policies are encouraging job growth in NE FL – nearly 22k jobs created in Jax area in the past year.
Congrats to @CBP Area Port DIR Jennifer Bradshaw CBP Jax Air Marine Ops OFC Debora Hall who were recognized for their work responding to Hurricanes Irma Maria. Proud to attend this ceremony to thank them all @CBPFlorida for their service to NE FL
In case you missed it, read more about our visit to VA facilities responsible for taking care of our veterans. We will continue working together to ensure our veterans receive care befitting their service and sacrifice.
Congrats to @UFHealthJax for breaking ground on their new state-of-the-art medical facility in Wildlight today. This partnership will bring jobs, opportunity, greater access to health care to the citizens of Nassau
