From his time in the US Navy to representing the Fifth District of Kansas, former Congressman Dick Nichols served our state and country proudly. Susan and I are thankful for his public service and join Kansans across the state in mourning his passing and praying for his family.
March is #womenshistorymonth Today we highlight Wichita native Hattie McDaniel, the first African American to win an Oscar and star in a radio program, who also fought to end segregation. #kansashistory Find out more on our Facebook page:
RT @WaysandMeansGOP: Small businesses are now hiring so many American workers that they are officially #BreakingRecords. So much great ne…
It’s great to see @sutash from @wsutech representing our community on the president’s American Workforce Policy Advisory Board. I look forward to working with President Utash and President Trump to keep our economy growing!
RT @GOPLeader: Democrats did not design #HR1 to protect your vote. They designed it to put a thumb on the scale of every election in Americ…
Yesterday Pres. Trump signed an important executive order focused on preventing veteran suicides. I look forward to working with the president and the task force established by the order and am glad it's already having a positive impact on Kansas veterans.
As one of the only engineers in Congress, I could not be more proud of these students and wish them luck in New York. Find out more about their project and vote for Goddard to be the Community Choice Winner here:
Congratulations to Goddard High School @USD265_GHS for being a top 10 #SamsungSolve national finalist! Goddard STEM students will now travel to NYC to present their project of a GPS device to help foster children contact authorities in case of abuse.
The Green New Deal would be a massive government takeover of our lives, cost up to $93 trillion and calls for an eventual end to air travel. Kansans know the importance of conserving our natural resources, but this proposal would decimate our economy and way of life.
Great news for Kansas corn farmers and ethanol producers! The EPA's expanded E15 rule will increase demand for Kansas corn and Kansas-produced ethanol. I encourage the White House to swiftly approve this rule before summer driving season begins:
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act kept more money in your monthly paycheck all year long. As April 15 approaches, don’t get caught up in political rhetoric saying the size of your refund determines your tax savings. Read more from my op-ed in the Wichita Eagle:
As a fierce advocate for free fair trade, I’m encouraged by the president’s request to China to remove tariffs on US agriculture. This is good news for Kansas I’m hopeful this moves us closer to trade policies that benefit our farmers manufacturers.
RT @HouseGOP: While Democrats continue to spread lies about tax refunds and run from the truth, one thing is clear: tax reform is working a…
March is Women’s History Month. Today we highlight Susanna M. Salter, the first woman elected as mayor in the small town of Argonia, Kansas, and in the United States. #kansashistory #womenshistorymonth Find out more on our Facebook page:
The better than expected 4th quarter GDP growth means in 2018, the U.S. economy grew at the highest rate in 13 years! 
HR 8 and HR 1112 are a combined effort to infringe on law-abiding citizens' Second Amendment rights and will do nothing to address the root causes of gun violence. Read about why I oppose these bills and support the Mass Violence Protect Act instead:
Tonight I voted against a resolution to oppose Pres. Trump’s national emergency. Just as every president since Jimmy Carter has done, Pres. Trump is rightfully exercising his ability to declare a national emergency to protect our border. Read more:
Our area continues to live up to the title of “Air Capital of the World.” FlightSafety International chose #ICT as one of two locations for their Unmanned Systems Training Centers. It’s exciting to see #KS04 at the forefront of these emerging technologies.
Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, customers of Kansas Gas Service will see a refund on an upcoming utility bill after KGS saved $18 million due to lower tax rates. This is just the latest example of how tax reform is putting more money in your pocket.
Cowley, Greenwood, Harvey, Kingman, Pratt and Sumner Counties in #KS04 were among those approved today for disaster aid to recover from severe storms and flooding in October. I appreciate the Trump Administration for issuing this declaration. Read more:
Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, 90% of Americans are receiving larger paychecks all year long. As April 15th approaches, read more about how tax reform is keeping more money in your pockets:
I'm glad to see the Trump administration issue the Protect Life Rule and follow through on its promise to support life. As abortion supporters advocate for extreme measures like late-term abortions, I’ll continue to work with President Trump and Congress to defend life.
BREAKING - The Trump administration has finalized the Protect Life Rule to divert Title X family planning tax dollars from abortion providers like Planned Parenthood. This is a monumental day in the fight to protect life.
(3/3) Thanks to these Girl Scouts for helping start today’s #FreeFile event at the @wichitalibrary! It’s always good to see future leaders getting involved in our community.
(2/3) In fact, approximately 70 percent of all taxpayers are eligible to utilize these free services, but many are unaware they exist or that they qualify. You can see a list of providers that work with the IRS to provide these free opportunities at
As April 15 approaches, more and more Americans are beginning the process of filing their taxes. This morning I spoke alongside members of the @TaxTimeAllies to discuss the many free options taxpayers have to #FreeFile their taxes each year. #WheresRon (1/3)
Our growing economy is delivering more good news for #KS04, as general aviation posted gains in every segment in 2018. “This is the first year since 2013 that we’ve seen all segments up in deliveries...”
.@FreddysUSA is an exceptional Wichita success story. It was great to meet with Scott Redler of Freddy's to talk about our economy and other legislation before sitting down with my wife to enjoy some frozen custard for 94 cents in honor of Freddy Simon’s 94th birthday. #WheresRon
RT @wichitalibrary: Tomorrow morning at the Advanced Learning Library ️
This week the Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act goes into effect. Thanks to this law, veterans now have more choices and control when appealing a VA claim. I supported this law last Congress to ensure veterans get the support they deserve.
Happy #PresidentsDay.
Our strong economy continues to create jobs right here in our community, as engineering firms in #KS04 grew 2.3% over last year. We have more work to do, but as Professional Engineering Consultants CEO Rod Young states, “2019 is looking very promising.”
While tonight's budget bill provides a start to securing our border, it stops short of including all the funding and tools needed. Read my full statement about why I voted against this bill:
RT @WaysandMeansGOP: Let’s cut through Dem’s Washington speak about #TaxCuts and look at the FACTS:-A 60% reduction in federal taxes for a…
It was an honor to meet James from Wichita several weeks ago as he was recognized as one of the top truck drivers in the country! Trucker drivers like him make our community and country proud.
.@SenatorDole and Sen. Elizabeth Dole recently sat down to discuss their heartwarming 45-year love story. This Valentine’s Day, I hope you are encouraged by their commitment to each other and can spend some time with the friends and family you love.
Congratulations to @wsutech President Sheree Utash on her appointment to the American Workforce Policy Advisory Board! I look forward to working with Dr. Utash and the Board to ensure long-term solutions to our workforce needs.
RT @KsMedSoc: During a busy day on Capitol Hill, @KsMedSoc leaders also met with @RepRonEstes, @JerryMoran and staff of @SenPatRoberts. #ka…
As the only former state treasurer serving in the House, it was great to speak with the National Association of State Treasurers today discuss how my experience overseeing 529 education savings plans, KPERS and other areas is helping as I serve on @WaysandMeansGOP. #WheresRon
Aviation and aerospace are integral parts of our regional economy. Earlier this week I was able to visit Garmin's headquarters in Olathe as they develop GPS navigation for the aviation industry as well as automotive, marine, outdoor and fitness industries. #WheresRon
Tomorrow the Ways and Means Committee will hold a sub-committee hearing on obtaining tax returns from @realDonaldTrump. Read my op-ed on why this would energize the ‘resistance’ but set a dangerous precedent.
In addition to learning how to strengthen pension plans, I joined with my colleagues on @WaysandMeansGOP to seek bipartisan reforms we can make to strengthen retirement security for all Americans.
Watch today’s Ways and Means Committee expert witness on pensions say why proposals to refinance pensions like KPERS are bad policy. “Kicking the can down the road is no different than borrowing and giving the bill to your kids." #ksleg
In media row discussing the #SOTU. I applaud President Trump’s leadership and will work with him to secure our border, grow our economy and support families in Kansas and throughout our country.
President Trump set clear goals to build on the progress we've made to grow our economy at historic levels, rebuild our military, and invest in our communities to address serious issues like the opioid crisis. View my full statement at #SOTU
Before the State of the Union, I met w/ members of @kansasag and @KSAgRetailers to discuss the need for free fair trade and updated transportation infrastructure. I look forward to hearing Pres. Trump address both issues tonight working w/ him to support KS ag our country.
I had a great visit with employees at the Dillons distribution center in Goddard. While learning about their operations, I enjoyed discussing how Dillons parent company Kroger used savings from the #TaxCutsandJobsAct for employee raises, education funding and more. #WheresRon
RT @WaysandMeansGOP: JOBS REPORT: GOP #TaxCuts keep creating real benefits for American workers small bizWages benefits for workers c…
RT @WaysandMeansGOP: GOOD NEWS: America's workers are experiencing the largest gains in their paychecks and benefits in 11 YEARS. Learn mor…
As part of the VA Mission Act we passed last yr, the VA issued rules allowing vets more access to health care from private clinics. After years of long wait-times, this is a game changer, especially for vets in rural KS who can now get care closer to home.
It was a pleasure meeting with county and district attorneys from across Kansas as they were in our nation's capital today. They work to ensure our laws are enforced honestly and justly. #WheresRon
In our first hearing this Congress, @WaysandMeansGOP stressed our support for protecting pre-existing conditions while seeking to improve health care quality costs. Nearly a decade since the ACA was passed, the status quo is not working and patients and families deserve better.
I enjoyed discussing the need for free and fair trade and the impact of the 2018 Farm Bill on sorghum and all Kansas agriculture this morning. #WheresRon
Today we celebrate the founding of our great state on Jan. 29, 1861. Learn more about the history of the State of Kansas on the Kansas Historical Society’s website at #KansasDay
High school students in #KS04 interested in this year's Congressional Art Competition must submit artwork by April 5, 2019. Looking forward to another successful year showcasing the artistic talent of young people here in the 4th District. Read more:
It was an honor to join the Airmen at @22ARW as they became the first in the nation to receive two new #KC46 refueling tankers. Today’s delivery marks a significant milestone in rebuilding our military and supporting McConnell and is a victory for our community and country.
RT @usairforce: Tune in today at 4 p.m. EST to witness the #KC46Delivery @22ARW! Watch it live: #TeamMcConnell #KC4…
RT @SecAFOfficial: Checklist complete. @22ARW here we come! @Boeing #KC46
It's an exciting day for @22ARW, our community and our country! Looking forward to helping the @usairforce receive the first #KC46 this afternoon.
It was an honor to participate in my first meeting of the Committee on Ways and Means this morning. I look forward to working together to grow our economy, improve health care and protect Social Security for current and future generations.
RT @SteveScalise: � 215 Democrats just voted to NOT PAY federal workers as we continue negotiating to secure our border open the governme…
After agencies addressed security questions first raised by Speaker Pelosi, today’s action proves Democrats are more concerned w/ scoring political points. This unprecedented new low does nothing to solve issues at hand only seeks to divide our country.
Today we remember the life and legacy of Civil Rights leader Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. His selfless dedication to service is still an inspiration for today’s generation. #MLKDAY
Following the president’s address, I call on Speaker Pelosi and Democrats in Congress to finally come to the negotiating table to protect our border and end the partial government shutdown.
Today, President Trump delivered a thoughtful offer to secure our border and reopen government. The president was clear that he is willing to find common ground to solve this problem by addressing points Democrats have long called for.
Join me in continuing to pray for retired Wichita Police Officer Brian Arterburn who had another surgery that put him in intensive care this week. I'm hopeful for a speedy recovery and joining people from throughout #KS04 showing our support today by wearing #blueforbrian!
Following today's #MarchForLife, it was great to host several hundred pro-life Kansans at the Capitol who took a 24-hour bus ride to be part of the march. It was especially encouraging to see so many young people who make our state and country proud.
Today, Democrats defeated a Republican motion in the House that would have allowed federal workers impacted by the partial shutdown to receive their January paycheck. In light of this action, I have asked my paycheck to be withheld. Full statement:
RT @SFOF_States: Our sincerest congratulations to @SFOF_States Alumni @RepRonEstes on being elected to the @WaysandMeansGOP committee. @Rep…
RT @WaysandMeansGOP: Here are the three new GOP members recommended to serve on Ways Means@RepArrington@RepDrewFerguson@RepRonEstesFU…
I'm honored to represent the Fourth District and Kansas on the Ways and Means Committee. As a former state treasurer and engineer, I look forward to solving problems and being a champion of lower taxes, free and fair trade, and affordable health care.
RT @USNavy: LIVE NOW: #USSWichita joining the #USNavy fleet, increasing our #NavyLethality and expanding our #NavyCapacity.
RT @USNavy: Before we commission future #USSWichita, get to know this fast, agile and mission focused platform. Be sure to watch Saturday a…
Tomorrow, the USS Wichita will be commissioned and begin her service to our country. As the third USS Wichita in U.S. Navy history, this ship will carry on a proud legacy of representing our community and country with pride as the 'Keeper of the Seas'.
This is a major milestone and big win for #KS04 and our country. The Airmen at @22ARW have worked tirelessly to prepare for this delivery and I know will make our country proud in becoming the first to receive the KC-46. Full statement:
Thankful to all law enforcement officers on this #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay and throughout the entire year.
(2/2) Protecting our border and national security is one of the most important jobs of the president and Congress. Democrats must come to the table to negotiate a solution to protect our border and reopen government.
Tonight, President Trump clearly laid out for the American people why we need to address the crisis on our southern border. We currently have a broken immigration system that needs to be fixed, beginning with securing our border. (1/2)
I thank him for his lifelong dedication to public service and look forward to working with him on issues important to Kansas over the next two years.
Senator Roberts has provided many years of service to the state of Kansas, serving honorably in both the House and the Senate, as well as serving his country in the United States Marines.
There is more to do, but today's jobs report is great news for our growing economy and rising wages:
On their first day in the majority, Democrats are pushing to change the rules of the House to require only a simple majority to pass a tax increase, instead of the current 3/5 threshold. Watch my remarks from the floor about why this is a dangerous precedent:
I continue to send well wishes to @President_Bardo and know @WichitaState is in good hands with @WSU_Provost Muma serving as acting president!
New year, new office: While our district office remains on E. Kellogg in Wichita, if you’re in Washington, stop by our new location in the Longworth Building. It’s an honor to represent #KS04 and I’m here to help with questions about Social Security, the VA, passports more!
Wishing you a wonderful 2019! #HappyNewYear!
“Then the angel said to them, ‘Do not be afraid, for behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy which will be to all people. For there is born to you this day in the city of David a Savior, who is Christ the Lord.’” – Luke 2:10-11 NKJV
From our family to yours, #MerryChristmas.
Yesterday I voted for a spending bill to keep government running that includes $5 billion for a wall border security. Unless Senate Democrats come to the table to support border security, we are headed for a partial government shutdown. Watch this video on how we got here:
RT @KSFarmBureau: The 2018 farm bill is now law! Thank you to the Kansas delegation for their leadership in getting this important legislat…
It was an honor to join President Trump at the White House today as the Farm Bill was signed into law. Combined with new work requirements from @USDA, this law will provide Kansas farmers and ranchers with certainty, invest in rural broadband, and help get people back to work.
I joined House Republicans to secure our border and stand up to business as usual in DC. With Pres. Trump, we rejected a short-term spending bill that didn't address our border crisis. I’ve heard from constituents all day to fight for border security. That’s exactly what I’ll do.
Last night the Senate passed my bill to rename the Wichita-Valley Center Flood Control Project in honor of ‘Big Ditch Mitch’ Mitchell. Read more about it at and see what others are saying about this bill.
Great news for #KS04! Spirit AeroSystems announced today they plan to hire 1,400 additional workers in 2019. That's in addition to the 1,000 jobs they announced last December and already hired.
Our Founding Fathers knew the importance of a government accountable to the people. Today on the anniversary of the #BillOfRights, I hope you'll join me in remembering these ten amendments that restrict the power of the government empower the free citizens of this great nation.
RT @WaysandMeansGOP: More #winning from #TaxReform: The GOP tax law, the first major overhaul of the federal tax code in 31 years, continue…
RT @RecordingAcad: Last night @RepDWStweets (D-FL), Trustee @TracyHamlin, GRAMMY nominee @juliamichaels, @DarylPFriedman, incoming Majority…
While speaking to Kansas Missouri-based businesses about our economy today, a rep from Southwest explained how the #TaxCutsandJobsAct allowed their company to purchase 80 more Boeing planes than initially planned. I’m glad our tax cuts continue to help workers in KS the US.
It was great to join @juliamichaels to cut the ribbon on the new office for @GRAMMYAdvocacy and celebrate passage of the Music Modernization Act. Even in DC, music can bring Republicans and Democrats together!
RT @GovJeffColyer: Thank you to the entire Kansas delegation for their diligent work on the Farm Bill, especially Ag. Chairman @SenPatRober…
Exposing President Trump’s tax returns sets a dangerous precedent and shouldn’t be the top priority of Democrats in Congress next year. Read my latest op-ed explaining why from @thehill:
The five-year Farm Bill passed by Congress today provides much-needed certainty for Kansas farmers and ranchers through increased crop insurance programs and includes historic funding for rural broadband. Full statement here:
I joined the @RedCross this morning to write cards that will be sent to our troops stationed around the world during the holidays. During the Christmas season, please keep them and their families in mind as we remain thankful for their service and sacrifice.
On Wednesday, Susan and I were honored to attend the state funeral for President George H.W. Bush. I had an opportunity to talk with KSN about that experience as our state and nation came together this week to celebrate the amazing life of our 41st president. #Remembering41
Today we remember the sacrifices made by so many at Pearl Harbor 77 years ago and all the veterans who served our country throughout World War II.
Despite the misleading headline, as I said on NPR today we need free fair trade, not tariffs. While tariffs may be the only avenue to bring countries like China to the table, I'll continue fighting for free fair trade that supports Kansas America:
A special and solemn moment from one member of the greatest generation to another as our state and nation come together to remember the life of President Bush.
News that President Trump and China have reached significant progress on our trade relationship is great news for Kansas, especially China’s willingness to purchase more U.S. agriculture. I applaud the president for working to deliver on another promise.
Susan I join our nation in mourning the passing of President George H. W. Bush, who leaves behind a record of selfless public service from his heroic tenure in the U.S. Navy, and as an ambassador, director of the CIA, Vice President Commander in Chief.
As one of the only former state treasurers in Congress, I know the Retirement, Savings Tax Relief Act will build on our progress to grow the economy help families recover from disasters, save for retirement, start a new business, or simply pay taxes.
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act we passed last year created opportunity zones to spur investment in under-utilized areas, including 74 throughout Kansas. I’m glad these are having a positive impact in driving development in Wichita and throughout our state.
Kansans know that we've been held back by unfair trade practices. While I support Pres. Trump negotiating better trade deals, I'll continue urging the admin. to support KS farmers manufacturers by resolving trade disputes pursuing free fair trade.
Offering prayers and well wishes for a speedy recovery for @President_Bardo!
While visiting the Middle East as part of a congressional delegation, I celebrated Thanksgiving with U.S. Army troops stationed at Camp Buehring in Kuwait, including a regiment from the KS National Guard. I was humbled honored to join our troops thank them for their service.
From my family to yours, #HappyThanksgiving.
Congratulations to @GOPLeader McCarthy and the entire GOP leadership team elected today for the 116th Congress. I look forward to working together on important priorities for #KS04 and our country in the next Congress.
On #VeteransDay, we celebrate and honor the men and women who have served the United States in times of war and peace. We also observe the centennial of the end of the First World War. As we celebrate, we honor the heroes of today, and pay our respects to the heroes of yesterday.
Happy 243rd birthday to the @USMC!
Each year, Members of Congress may nominate candidates for appointment to four of the five U.S. service academies. Today we interviewed 26 incredibly talented students from our District. If you or someone you know is interested for next year, please visit
During #NationalVeteransSmallBusinessWeek, @USDOL is honoring companies leading the way in hiring veterans, including Occidental Management in Wichita. Congrats on this honor thanks to all businesses relying on the skills veterans bring to our workforce!
I was honored to address the Wichita Public Schools JROTC Leadership Corps Veterans Day Ceremony today. It was inspiring to greet hundreds of future leaders who make service part of their education discuss the importance of honoring those who served our country. #WheresRon
Friday I talked with students teachers at the Garden Plain Elem. School Veterans Day Program. This week is #NationalVeteransSmallBusinessWeek and as we move closer to Veterans Day, please join me in thanking the men women who have defended freedom at home abroad. #WheresRon
Congratulations to two #KS04 leaders for their appointment to the @Interior Commission on 400 Years of African-American History which will lead our country’s commemoration of African-American history next year. I'm proud #KS04 will be well represented.
Yesterday I met with the staff of FlightSafety International. They train individuals and companies from all over the world here in Wichita on a variety of aircraft simulators. We discussed the general aviation industry and other important issues for Kansans. #WheresRon
The October jobs report is out and the good news keeps coming! Last month our economy added a better-than-expected 250,000 new jobs and wages rose at the fastest rate in a decade. There is more to do, but our pro-growth policies are delivering results.
We are blessed to have KU Wichita Pediatrics teaching serving our community. Today I was able to talk with them about their vision opportunities. I also visited with EMPAC CEO Stacey Winter. We discussed the services they provide challenges in today's workforce. #WheresRon
Consumer confidence hit its highest level since 2000 wages salaries saw their biggest increase in a decade thanks to the Tax Cuts Jobs Act reduced regulations. All of these economic treats for hardworking Americans make today a lot less scary.
As a member of the @HouseHomeland Committee, I know securing our border is key to our national security. I'm thankful to the KS National Guard, soldiers from Fort Riley, and all Kansans who will be among those deployed to support border security efforts:
Joining our nation in praying for  the Tree of Life Synagogue and entire Pittsburgh community today, as well as the brave law enforcement agencies on the scene.
This month I visited several businesses in the health care field including Atlas MD, Fagron Sterile Services, Wesley Medical Center and Wesley Rehabilitation Hospital. I enjoyed discussing what we can do to continue improving health care for Kansans and all Americans. #WheresRon
Earlier this week I met with a great group of constituents at Buck’s BBQ in Sedan. We talked about trade, rural family farms, the economy and immigration. #WheresRon
I strongly condemn today’s series of cowardly attacks. Violence should never take the place of civil discourse and those responsible must be held accountable. I’m thankful to the state, local and federal first responders and law enforcement tasked with protecting our country.
I had a great time in Elk County today. It included lunch at Toot’s Drive-in, a great conversation with Mike Bellar of the Kansas Soybean Commission, a visit at the Elk County Courthouse, and a stop at Mills Feed and Supply in Moline. #WheresRon
Good news: Our state's unemployment rate last month stood at 3.3% as a record number of Kansans are working. There is more to do, but I'm proud of our accomplishments to grow the economy and support Kansas families. #ksleg
Greeting veterans on their Honor Flight is always a humbling experience. Susan and I met the most recent Honor Flight on their return at Wichita's Dwight D. Eisenhower National Airport along with countless other supporters of these American heroes. #WheresRon
On Friday I toured the Holiday Inn Wichita East to learn more about their business and the hospitality industry in our District. #WheresRon
While we've seen incredible results from the #TaxCutsAndJobsAct, we know that this is just the beginning. Today the Treasury Department released the proposed rules for Opportunity Zones that will unleash more economic growth in our country. Learn more at
Barber, Kingman, Kiowa Pratt Counties were among those in #KS04 approved for disaster aid today by the Trump administration. I want to thank the administration and @GovJeffColyer for working to get this disaster declaration helping our region recover.
I enjoyed learning about the soon-to-be completed Pratt Solar Farm this afternoon. This project will help provide energy for Pratt and is one more example of how our state is a leader in securing our nation’s energy independence. #WheresRon
The Rotary Club of Pratt welcomed me to their meeting today on the campus of @prattcc. Prior to the meeting, I toured the campus with Dr. Mike Calvert, President. We had a great discussion and I had the opportunity to meet Pratt and Skyline's students of the month. #WheresRon
I had a great time at the Pratt Livestock sale barn this morning. While I didn’t buy any cattle today, it reminded me of going with my dad when I was growing up on the farm. #WheresRon
This morning I spoke to a Pratt High School government class about being a Member of Congress and serving on the Homeland Security and Education and the Workforce Committees. The students and faculty had great questions! #WheresRon
Yesterday I met with employees at Black Hills Energy, a natural gas utility that serves 100,000 in KS. In April, it became the first utility company to announce monthly savings to customers thanks to the #TaxCutsandJobsAct. I enjoyed learning about their operations. #WheresRon
I joined the Harvey County Farm Bureau tonight to discuss what we are doing to grow the economy and the need for free and fair trade to support our farmers. It was also great to see @KSFarmBureau President Rich Felts. #WheresRon
Great discussion with future leaders at Goddard High School today! #WheresRon
RT @USNavy: Today on our #243NavyBday, we celebrate the critical role the #USNavy has served in protecting and promoting American interests…
October is National Cyber Security Awareness Month. This weekend, @WichitaState and @FriendsU are hosting OzSec 2018, a new conference in our area for IT professionals. This month is a reminder that we should all take steps to ensure online safety.
Yesterday I visited Airxcel, a Wichita-based company that designs and manufactures air conditioners, water heaters, cooking appliances and more for recreational vehicles. We talked about the growing economy, tariffs and positive impact of the USMCA trade agreement. #WheresRon
On this #NationalFarmersDay, join me in thanking the hardworking men and women who feed our country and make Kansas proud.
This morning I toured @WTI_Training visited with students, faculty staff. There is a need for skilled workers in our area, as a member of the @EdWorkforce Committee, I was impressed by the students' questions concerning technical schools the Higher Ed. Act. #WheresRon
Last week, @CMSGov announced that in 2019, Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D premiums will decrease for the 2nd year in a row. There's more to do, but I'm glad efforts in Congress to increase competition and lower costs are delivering results.
Year-round sales of E15 approved by the Trump administration is monumental news for KS corn growers, benefits consumers contributes to America’s energy independence. I cosponsored legislation to lift restrictions on ethanol welcome this announcement.
Low clouds over the weekend may have kept some planes grounded, but it didn't lower the enthusiasm for general aviation at the 55th Annual Air Capital Fly-in. It was great to discuss the recent FAA reauthorization and Kansas' strong aviation history with attendees. #WheresRon
Saturday marked 100 years since Wichita native Lt. Erwin Bleckley gave the ultimate sacrifice for freedom. His actions in WWI resulted in the rescue of 194 soldiers. It was an honor to speak at Bleckley Day recognize his character, values honor.
UN Ambassador Nikki Haley has been an exceptional leader and advocate for our country, standing up for Israel and dealing with countries like Iran and North Korea. Thanks to her leadership, as well as that of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, America is respected around the world.
As rain continues to fall in Kansas, please be vigilant and stay safe. Minor flooding is occurring throughout #KS04 and more is expected today. Remember, turn around, don't drown.
The good economic news keeps on coming: As wages continue to rise, this morning the unemployment rate fell to 3.7%, the lowest since December 1969. #BetterOffNow
I enjoyed discussing our growing economy with the @KansasChamber. Due to the #TaxCutsAndJobsAct, at least 25 companies with 700+ locations and thousands of employees in KS have expanded boosted wages. There's more to do, but I'm proud of our progress. #BetterOffNow #WheresRon
Yesterday I spoke with local media about the positive impacts the US-Mexico-Canada Agreement will have for #KS04, including the elimination of Canada's milk classes 6 and 7. This change will allow dairy farmers in Kansas and across the United States to expand sales overseas.
Canada’s inclusion in the USMCA is great news for #KS04 farmers, ranchers manufacturers, as Canada is Kansas’ top export market worth $2.5B. President Trump has delivered on a promise I look forward to reviewing the USMCA w/ my colleagues in Congress.
Susan and I are praying for the family of Bishop Emeritus Eugene Gerber. His life was dedicated to our community as Bishop of the Catholic Dioceses from 1983 to 2001, but his heart was dedicated to Christ long before that.
Earlier this month I spent time with students at Maize South High School and St. Francis of Assisi Catholic School. I enjoyed our time and appreciated their thoughtful questions. Our students here in Kansas give me hope for a bright future for our country. #WheresRon
Yesterday the House passed my bill designating the Wichita-Valley Center Flood Control Project as the “MS ‘Mitch’ Mitchell Floodway”. This bill provides a fitting tribute to ‘Big Ditch Mitch’ and ensures his public service is remembered by future Kansans.
As part of Tax Reform 2.0, today the House passed the Family Savings Act which will help families in Kansas and around the country save for education and retirement. Prior to the vote, I was proud to speak in favor of this bill:
Today the House of passed a five-year reauthorization of the FAA including two provisions I introduced to protect general aviation in #KS04 and improve aviation security standards around the world. #ksleg Read more here:
I spoke on the House floor to honor Sedgwick Co. Sheriff’s Deputy Robert Kunze III who was killed while on duty Sept. 16. As we pray for his wife, their daughter and the Sedgwick County Sheriff’s Office, I asked my colleagues to join me for a moment of silence honoring this hero.
Enjoyed meeting with KS Principal of the Year Kristy Custer of Complete High School in Maize discussing the needs of our educators, schools and students. I'm proud Principal Custer is representing #KS04 our state in Washington this week. Congrats Principal Custer! #WheresRon
Doubling taxes on every individual business in America still couldn't pay for Medicare for All. Read my op-ed on why Congress needs to secure the program for today’s seniors the future, not jeopardize it with a costly move to single-payer health care.
Today’s deal to modernize the US-Korea Free Trade Agreement is good news for Kansas farmers, ranchers manufacturers. I congratulate Pres. Trump and will continue urging the administration to open more markets through free fair trade. Full statement:
"A new era is about to dawn at McConnell Air Force Base in Wichita." Read more about how KC-46 tankers will impact @22ARW and #KS04. Since entering Congress, I've been proud to fight for more tankers to support our Airmen and local economy.
RT @AGaminKansas: Representative Ron Estes  @RepRonEstes talks about the need for grooming skilled workers. #AGetc #KsAg
More great economic news for our region country! There is more to do, but this article sums up the state of our economy: "The U.S. economy sped up in the spring, sailed through the summer and is heading into the fall with plenty of steam." #BetterOffNow
Today I joined Rep. Roger Marshall and State Rep. Dan Hawkins in Hesston to meet with Progressive Healthcare Alliance, a group of retirement communities in our region. We discussed ways we could partner together in order to ensure the best quality care for seniors. #WheresRon
I enjoyed meeting with members of Wichita-area credit unions this week to discuss our growing economy and what we must continue to do to build on our progress. #WheresRon
Happy birthday to the @usairforce. From @22ARW to every corner of the globe, the men and women of the Air Force make our country proud.
RT @HouseGOP: .@RepRonEstes:  My district in south-central Kansas is Better Off Now. And the country is Better Off Now because of some of t…
Every year, it's an honor to nominate candidates from #KS04 for appointment to four of the five U.S. service academies. This year, nomination applications are due to my office by October 1. Find out more here:
Happy #ConstitutionDay! On September 17, 1787, our founders signed the U.S. Constitution. I'm thankful for the generations of Americans who have fought to defend and preserve it.
Susan and I are praying for the family and friends of Sedgwick County Deputy Robert Kunze who was killed in the line of duty today. Full statement:
It's National #ArtsEdWeek which is the perfect time to start talking about An Artistic Discovery: A Congressional Art Competition for High School Students. #KS04 is blessed with talented students teachers. Learn how to apply here:
RT @politico: Rep. Ron Estes, who represents a district in south central Kansas,  said his constituents have been positively affected by th…
RT @cathymcmorris: WATCH LIVE: @RepRonEstes joins @HouseGOP leadership to share why #KS04 is #BetterOffNow with more jobs fairer taxes. h…
Our economy is #BetterOffNow, but there is more to do. Tax Reform 2.0 will protect middle-class tax cuts for individuals small businesses, expand education retirement savings options, support entrepreneurs, and unleash further economic growth for #KS04 our country.
September 11, 2001, changed the course of history forever. We will never forget those who lost their lives on that day, nor will we forget the heroic acts of brave men and women that showed the world American strength, resilience and fortitude.
Today, @wsutech hosted Assistant Secretary Scott Stump from the US Dept. of Education, local businesses, school districts and @ksregents to showcase the incredible collaboration that happens here in Wichita to fill the needs of our skilled workforce. #WheresRon
Last month @WichitaPolice, FBI and a division of @ICEgov arrested 8 people in Wichita for human trafficking. Rather than disavow ICE all law enforcement, these men women deserve our support. Last week I spoke on the House floor to thank them for keeping our community safe.
In honor of #GrandparentsDay today, I wanted to take a moment and thank the volunteers of the Foster Grandparent Program throughout Kansas. Their work is helping children become better readers, students and citizens. #seniorcorpsworks
Yesterday I spoke to the KS Farm Bureau Ag Leaders Breakfast at the State Fair about the importance of the Farm Bill, trade tariffs, my work on the Education Workforce Committee. More importantly, I was able to thank our ag community for their hard work. #WheresRon
What a great day to celebrate our aviation heritage and support our military at the @22ARW Open House and Airshow. Despite the clouds, Susan and I enjoyed the aircrafts and performances. You have one more chance to visit Sunday. #WheresRon
Last week I toured @TextronAviation's facilities in southwest Wichita. It's one more reminder of our great aviation history in Kansas and the exceptional work of our manufacturers, engineers and researchers here in the #AirCapital. #WheresRon
Good news: The latest jobs report shows our economy is booming with 201,000 new jobs created in August. Unemployment is at 3.9% and wages grew at the fastest rate in 9 years. #BetterOffNow 
This morning I greeted WWII, Korean War and Vietnam War-era veterans from Kansas in Washington as part of the Kansas Honor Flight which flies veterans to our nation's capital to experience their memorials. It’s  always an honor to thank them and hear their stories. #WheresRon
Proud to be named a 'Hero of Main Street' by the National Retail Federation for helping small businesses grow. I enjoyed receiving the award from a #KS04 native and manager at Pride Ag Resources ACE Hardware while discussing the #TaxCutsAndJobsAct and need for free fair trade.
Brian and Claudale Arterburn are public servants and local heroes. Claudale is back on the force following her husband's recovery from his critical injuries received during an investigation. Please join me in thanking them for their dedicated service.
More KC-46 air refueling tankers coming to @22ARW means 400 new jobs right here in our District. The KC-46 is a valuable tool for our military, which is one of the reasons I was proud to support the recent NDAA that includes funding for more tankers.
Like veterans and military members, military spouses are unsung heroes who deserve our support. This morning I was honored to join @the_USO filling care packages for military spouses around the world. #MilSpouseSalute #WheresRon
With more rain on the way this week, many counties remain under a flash flood watch in #KS04 and throughout Kansas. Keep families already impacted in Pratt Manhattan in your prayers pay attention to local authorities on the potential for more flooding.
Today on #LaborDay, many Kansans across the state are enjoying the day with family and friends. I also want to recognize those who work through the holiday. I'm grateful for their commitment and I hope you'll thank those working today if you see them.
1 month. 12 counties. More than 40 visits, tours events. During the August district work period I discussed important issues like our growing economy, the need for free fair trade, the status of the Farm Bill, our work to support veterans. Read more:
As State Treasurer, I oversaw KPERS and understand the importance of allowing every family to save for retirement. I'm glad to see President Trump take action to make it easier to save for the future, a shared priority for tax reform 2.0.
Read about my recent visit to Pawnee Co. I enjoy hearing from constituents across our district discussing how we're working to improve our economy quality of life. There's more to do but from tax cuts to VA reform, Kansans are #BetterOffNow. #WheresRon
