RT @LansingMIFacts: We’re not a sports account but anything that gets Elissa some Zingerman’s seems like a win for everyone sorry not a #La…
Big fan of @zingermans turkey reubens, @RepDebDingell. Good game! #V4MSU
I smell @zingermans in my future, @RepDebDingell! #GoGreen #GoWhite
Headed to Lansing from Milford. Here’s why Dave and I are feeling so inspired by all of the young people we met at the Milford robotics tournament:
Great to join @Morning_Joe today to talk about how to strengthen border security while remaining a nation of morals, and the important conversation around anti-Semitism and bigotry:
You’re on, @RepDebDingell. @ThisistheIZZONE is ready to welcome the Wolverines to the Breslin. I’ll bet you a scoop from the @dairystoreMSU.
So proud to serve alongside these ladies in Congress. Happy #InternationalWomensDay to women everywhere who serve their communities and their countries every day.
People from across the political spectrum in #MI08 tell me every single day that they just want their government to work and have integrity.Today, the House passed #HR1, which helps restore that integrity to our political system:
No matter where you are on the political spectrum, we can all agree that foreign entities shouldn’t be able to buy ads to influence our elections.My amendment to #HR1 would close loopholes that currently allow foreign entities to purchase campaign ads on TV and digital:
RT @HomelandDems: WATCH: @RepSlotkin asks @SecNielsen, “When you saw those pictures of babies in cages, what did you do? What did you do to…
And as a Representative from Michigan, I urged the Secretary to focus on the challenges facing our northern border and ports of entry, to ensure they have the resources and personnel they need to keep our country safe.
We must be a country of morals. Separating vulnerable children from their parents and detaining them in cage-like facilities is not consistent with our values. Today, I demanded @SecNielsen account for her department’s separation of children from their parents at our border.
It’s up to us, as elected representatives, to set a higher standard for ourselves. And on Friday, that’s what we are going to do, when we vote on #HR1:
No matter where I go, people tell me the same thing: the influence of money in our politics is corrupting our system and preventing us from getting things done.
Happy #PaczkiDay!
Given news that the Admin. plans to create a panel poised to deny climate change, I thought I'd re-up the Pentagon report my team contributed to in 2014 — finding conclusive evidence that climate change is a threat to our national security way of life:
Freedom of religion is a bedrock American principle, and no one should be attacked for his or her religious faith.
We must forcefully condemn bigotry and hate in all its forms. The display of a hateful anti-Muslim image of Congresswoman @Ilhan Omar in the West Virginia Capitol building by the state GOP Friday was reprehensible, and was a smear against not just her but all Muslims.
We see your hard work on behalf of others, and we’re proud to celebrate you. #WomensHistoryMonth
#WomensHistoryMonth is a chance for us to applaud their service and to honor the women who are working their tails off every day in towns and cities across the country and the world to improve the lives of those around them.
Throughout history, women have fought to make their communities stronger, healthier, safer -- sometimes without recognition, and often facing uphill battles to get things done.  #WomensHistoryMonth
RT @ALZIMPACT: #ICYMI: This past weekend, @RepSlotkin celebrated the opening of her district office in Lansing, MI. With #Alzheimers advoca…
It was my privilege to award the first Brimley Fellowship to Isabel Kirsch, who embodies the traits that Shawn always displayed: multi-disciplinary interests, intellectual curiosity, and unending enthusiasm.
Last night, our office launched the Brimley Congressional Fellowship in memory of Shawn Brimley, a dear friend of mine and of many in the national security community, who passed away a little over a year ago. Shawn was a veteran, and a brilliant and dedicated public servant.
Due to region-wide difficulties with our internet and phone service providers, our district office is temporarily unable to receive calls or email. The office remains open. We appreciate your patience as these issues get resolved.
Fiat Chrysler's decision to expand its investment in Michigan and Michigan workers is very welcome news. It reflects what we already know: our state is a leader in automotive technology, and no one works harder than Michiganders.
Thanks, @WLNS, for your coverage of our open house Saturday. We appreciate the help getting the word out about our office's commitment to radical listening and dedicated service to our constituents in #MI08:
Great weekend for Spartan basketball: Congrats to @MSU_WBasketball and @MSU_Basketball on their wins against U of M! Looking forward to another nail-biter March 9th at the Breslin.
Happiness is when you come home from a cold and windy day and your husband has made (or at least bought and heated up) some pasties. Thanks to Howell’s @HeartofMich for giving Dave the idea!
A big thank you to these Livingston County township and village leaders for spending a blustery Sunday afternoon with me. From roads to PFAS to cybersecurity — know that I hear you and look forward to working with you.
Rooting for MSU in today’s big game. Go Green!
RT @melisv73: Thank you @RepSlotkin for your generosity.  #endalz
RT @LaurenKovach: When we can all work together, same goal, same mission. We will be the ones that lead to finding a cure someday for this…
Reps from the @CWAUnion brought me more than 100 letters today from their members in #MI08. Looking forward to working with them to hold corporations accountable for their commitments to workers.
The @alzassociation does invaluable work, and I was so proud today to donate $10,965 – the salary I received during the government shutdown – to help them continue it.
RT @BarbByrum: BooBoo listening to U.S. @RepSlotkin talk about the importance of listening to each other, especially when we disagree.  @El…
Finally, we had a great discussion with Howell City Mayor Nick Proctor and City Manager Shea Charles to talk about both the successes and challenges they are facing.
We also met with Pam McConeghy, CEO of the Greater Brighton Area Chamber of Commerce and her team to discuss how our office can be of service to the business community.
In Howell we swung by @UptownCoffeeHse to refuel and congratulate owner Lorna on the renovations that were made possible by a grant from the MEDC.
Thanks to the Brighton High School acapella singers for their amazing rendition of the national anthem!
And it was my great honor to present a Congressional tribute to OLHSA’s Partner of the Year, Livingston County Sheriff Mike Murphy.
A busy morning in Livingston County! The day started early at the @OLHSACommAction Walk for Warmth. So wonderful to see so many people come together to provide heat assistance for our friends and neighbors.
I regularly hear from folks across #MI08 about the impact of high prescription drug prices. I’m taking action on 2 bills to lower costs: one that imposes penalties on companies who hike up prices, one giving Medicare power to negotiate for lower prices:
As your Member of Congress, you should know how I am spending my time in Washington and in the district. That's why I'm committed to publishing my official schedule. From now on, every week you'll be able to find it here, on our website:
Help us ensure all voices are heard in Washington! Our office is looking for community liaisons from the African American, Latino, LGBTQ Muslim communities to advise our office on important issues. Send your resume a brief statement of interest to repslotkin.resumes@gmail.com
RT @EwuramaAD: How cool is your Congresswoman? Mine, @RepSlotkin, spoke on a panel celebrating the new women in Congress yesterday and then…
Congratulations to Lansing’s own @EwuramaAD for winning @runningstart's competition to serve as their #ILookLikeAPolitician Ambassador! #MI08 is lucky to have you representing the next generation of women in politics. It was great to be with you last week to celebrate your win!
I hope you'll join me and my district staff this Saturday from 1-4PM to celebrate the official opening of our Lansing district headquarters! #MI08
Our democratic system is one of compromise, and I have deep concerns about the President’s decision to break with historical precedent and bypass that system, and wield a national emergency declaration as a tool to make good on a political promise.
Effective leadership on tough issues doesn’t come through coercion, it comes through influence. Both sides came together in support of a deal that funds billions in border security, including additional technology and physical barriers along the border.
I will continue through my work on the PFAS Task Force to push the EPA to ensure the safety and security of our water supply and of our communities.
Michigan families cannot continue to drink water laden with toxic chemicals. While today’s EPA announcement is a start, it doesn’t go nearly far enough, fast enough. We need quick, decisive action to address this public health crisis.
I have devoted my career to combatting terrorism and have seen firsthand these violent acts’ impact, and I send my deepest condolences to the victims’ families.
I stand in solidarity with the people of India in condemning today’s terrorist attack in Kashmir that killed 40 paramilitary officers.
Former President Bill Clinton, Rep. John Lewis, former House Speaker John Boehner, Majority Leader Steny Hoyer, and Rep. Fred Upton all gave heartfelt tributes of Rep. John Dingell’s life of service.
This morning, women of the Michigan delegation attending Rep. John Dingell's services in Washington, DC wore the scarves @RepDebDingell gifted to us, to show support for our friend. We love you, Debbie.
RT @RepGolden: Thanks to @RepCasten, @RepSlotkin, @RepGilCisneros, @RepMaxRose, and @chelliepingree for joining me to introduce the FLAT Pr…
This important legislation would provide 60 days of partial paid leave for those who need time away from work to care for a new child or a sick loved one. No one should have to choose between putting food on the table and being there for the people who need them most.
When my mother was diagnosed with ovarian cancer, I had to use sick leave in order to come back to Michigan and care for her. So I am very proud to be an original co-sponsor of the #FAMILYAct.
Sadly, Michigan weather prevented me and 70 of my fellow Congressmen women from attending John Dingell’s funeral today. I am terribly sorry to not have been able to join my friend, @RepDebDingell, on such an important day, but we will attend the service in DC later this week.
I would like to make the following statement regarding Rep. Omar’s comments of Feb. 10.
Today I offered my first amendment as a Member of Congress, to the Veterans’ Access to Childcare Act. It pushes for stronger communication between the VA and DoD so that any veteran who needs to take advantage of childcare to access mental health services is able to do so.
His accomplishments were many and his wit was legendary, and he will be sorely missed. My heart goes out to his wife, @RepDebDingell, and to his family.
Michigan lost a truly great man today. John Dingell was an unparalleled public servant who dedicated his life to championing the needs of ordinary Americans.
Sky-high drug prices are a problem that both Democrats and Republicans agree we need to solve. So it’s time for us to build on that common ground, and pass legislation that will have an immediate effect on families’ pocketbooks and health.
This is a solvable problem. There is no reason why Medicare should be barred from negotiating for lower drug prices, something the VA does already — which is why I’m excited to sign on to a bill that finally gives Medicare that power. #EndRxMonopolyPrices
Today the Michigan Delegation is thinking of @JohnDingell — the “Dean” of the House of Representatives — and a champion for our state in Congress. We love you!
My thoughts are with my friend @RepDebDingell and @JohnDingell -- two incredible public servants we're lucky to have in Michigan. They and their family are on my mind and my prayers during this difficult time.
RT @kimberkoz: "“We need women to have a really strong voice, and she’s the perfect example of what it means when you use your voice," said…
These are issues where we have common ground, but to deliver, we must get in a room and hammer out real compromise. To aid our work, we must dampen the vitriol and partisanship – not just in a speech but in the real work that comes next. #SOTU
I am eager to get to work on some of the issues he raised tonight, such as lowering the price of prescription drugs and passing a once-in-a-generation infrastructure package. #SOTU
I’m always happy to hear the President call for unity and bipartisanship, but I urge him to live by those words and, better yet, follow up with deeds. #SOTU
I’m here in the Capitol with my amazing guest, MSU survivor advocate @amandathomashow — about to head into #SOTU:
My guest, @amandathomashow said it best: Our message tonight is to survivors — that you are strong, and you are heard, and that a new generation of leaders in Congress has your back. #SOTU
RT @RepSpanberger: Women belong in the House - working on national security issues. Proud to wear white to the #SOTU tonight in honor of…
RT @amandathomashow: I am incredibly honored to attend the #SOTU address as Rep. Slotkin’s guest and look forward to the opportunity to rai…
Couldn’t be more proud to be joined at  #SOTU by @amandathomashow, a woman who has exhibited such leadership and effected real change on an issue directly impacting our community in #MI08.
I urge Secretary DeVos to abandon the proposed rule changes in favor of strengthening protections for students and survivors.
In particular, absolving universities of legal responsibility if a survivor comes forward to school employees or athletic personnel shows, at best, a total disregard for what happened at MSU.
The lesson from the Nassar tragedy is not to make it easier for academic institutions to avoid liability in cases of sexual assault.
It is a reminder that, as black and brown communities continue to demand that same recognition, it is our responsibility to hear them. #BlackHistoryMonth
#BlackHistoryMonth, born out of a demand for recognition of black Americans' accomplishments and contributions to our nation, is an opportunity to celebrate those who have worked, in an act of service to their country, to shape our society and make us who we are.
Under Secretary @BetsyDeVosED's proposed rule to Title IX, Michigan State University would likely not have been required to take action to protect the survivors of the Larry Nassar scandal. This is inexcusable. My letter to Secretary DeVos:
To my fellow Michiganders, this bill was because of you. You asked me why the average TSA worker, Customs and Border Protection employee, FAA or FDA employee were punished because of something they had nothing to do with. And I heard you. #SEASAct #NoMoreShutdowns
Yesterday, I gave my first speech on the House floor, urging my colleagues to support the Shutdown to End All Shutdowns Act -- my bill that would suspend pay for Members of Congress travel for Executive Branch officials if they can't come to an agreement on appropriations:
I urge everyone to stay safe and reach out a hand to those who may need assistance during this time. For more information on where to find emergency assistance, please visit: #MIready
I am deeply saddened by the news out of East Lansing that a man passed away outside his home due to the extreme cold temperatures. My thoughts are with his family and the entire East Lansing community for this loss.
I urge everyone in Michigan to heed the Governor’s call, exercise leadership, and turn down the thermostat to 65 until noon tomorrow. It’s hard, but collectively we can keep our heat going in our homes, hospitals, shelters and warming stations. Please do your part!
RT @thehill: Rep. Elissa Slotkin: "We are announcing legislation called SEAS, the shutdown to end all shutdowns, with the goal of passing i…
RT @detroitnews: .@RepSlotkin leads effort to end government shutdowns for good.
Gov. @gretchenwhitmer has declared a state of emergency given the extreme cold we’re experiencing across Michigan -- please stay inside if you can today. Here are some tips to help keep your family and home safe:
Multiple snow emergencies have been declared across #MI08 today, with guidance to stay off the road given the conditions. That means our Lansing office is closed – but we’ll be back up and running once the emergency lifts. Stay warm and stay safe today!
On #HolocaustMemorialDay, we remember and honor the 6 million people who lost their lives during the Holocaust — and resolve to ensure each new generation never forgets what happened, and our collective responsibility to speak up in the face of bigotry and hate.
Now, as I’ve been saying for some time, Democrats Republicans need to get into a room negotiate the specifics of an enduring deal to fund the government—it’s our fundamental responsibility as Members of Congress, and the people we represent are counting on us to get it done.
I welcome the news that the Senate and House have voted on the President’s proposal to re-open the government — the fact that federal workers are going to get paid after 35 days without a paycheck is reason to be glad both parties have come to a consensus on a temporary deal.
RT @AmericaNewsroom: WATCH: @SandraSmithFox spoke with @RepSlotkin as the partial government shutdown continues #nine2noon
I’m also eager to get to work on issues affecting Michigan in particular that I believe need to be approached from a homeland security perspective -- namely the growing drinking water crisis in our state, and other environmental security concerns.
As someone who has spent my career working to protect the Homeland as a national security professional, I look forward to working on some of our country’s most pressing issues: cybersecurity, critical infrastructure, border security, counterterrorism protecting election systems
I’m particularly proud to be joining this bipartisan task force at a time of such partisan polarization, and see it as a sign that there are some issues, like the health of our families, that transcend politics.
I’m proud to be joining the bipartisan Congressional PFAS Task Force, a group committed to helping bring the sense of urgency legislative action required to respond to this issue.
Such a trend underscores my belief that we need to start thinking about environmental security the same way we think about homeland security -- because it’s about the health and safety of our kids, and our way of life here in Michigan.
It seems like every other week we hear of a new PFAS discovery in our state. We need to start to look at these incidents as more than random data points: it’s a growing trend that we need to address.
As a former fed. employee myself for 14 yrs, I’m proud to co-sponsor the Shutdown Relief Act, which would ease the burden on public servants who work every day to put country over party, through no fault of their own are struggling to make ends meet:
It was a privilege to join the Lansing community for the annual MLK Luncheon to celebrate Dr. King's legacy today. As your new representative in Congress, I pledge to work every day to carry forth Dr. King’s inspiration in representing the people of the 8th district. #MI08
On #MLKDay remembering and honoring Dr. King is living out some of his most enduring lessons — that reaching out a hand to those who are different than yourself, to work across differences, is an act of service to our country for what it is and what it should be.
Just got done touring Gleaners in Howell, a food bank working to provide relief to federal workers affected by the government shutdown:
Want to see some behind-the-scenes footage from my first few weeks on the job? @CBS followed myself and a few freshman colleagues as we try and get up to speed:
As a national security professional, and as a Michigander, I know how critical the Coastguard is for keeping our Great Lakes and border safe. It’s unacceptable that the men and women of our Coastguard are currently working without pay.
I urge the President to revisit his decision to quickly pull out, and provide clear guidance on our strategy in Syria.
This attack demonstrates that ISIS still has real capability and lethality in Syria, in contrast with the President’s views. The White House has a fundamental responsibility to provide a clear strategy and clear guidance to our troops in harm’s way.
I am saddened by the news out of Manbij, Syria that 4 Americans have been killed. This is the single largest attack we’ve had on U.S. forces in Syria since we began the counter-ISIS fight -- and comes just weeks after the President said there’s no longer an ISIS threat there.
MSU deserves a leader who understands that his or her job is to unify the community, heeds the calls of students, faculty, staff, survivors and activists on campus who have fought to bring these issues to light, and charts a new way forward for MSU.
I called on him to resign in June, and I support his decision to step down now.
I’ve said for many months now that leadership climate is set from the top — and it has been clear from Interim Pres. John Engler’s repeated disparaging remarks toward survivors that he is not the person to be charged w/ creating a safer environment at MSU.
On Friday, I met with Federal workers who detailed their struggle to make ends meet due to the shutdown –– including not being able to make student loan payments. I’ve sent a letter to Sec. @BetsyDeVosED asking that she take proactive action to give federal workers some relief:
I'm honored to be serving on the House Armed Services Committee:
We’re here at the Detroit #NAIAS checking out all the cars that are made in #MI08 — like the Chevy Camaro made right in Lansing.Today we learned more about how the shutdown is affecting the auto industry, the lifeblood of our economy here in Michigan:
RT @FOX47News: REMINDER - Sen. Debbie @Stabenow to Swear In Rep. @ElissaSlotkin at Ceremony in Lansing today. Doors open at at 12.
To all the workers who joined us: thank you. Your personal stories make a difference. To all federal workers suffering during this time: you have my commitment that there is a group of passionate people in Washington working hard on both sides of the aisle to resolve this.
The common thread in all their stories was an extreme sense of mission. As a former federal employee for 14 years, it’s upsetting that such a political battle in Washington is affecting a community that swore an oath to serve their country before any political party.
Angel, an IRS employee on furlough, discussed her worry that people depending on tax returns may not receive them. For her, so much as a missed student loan payment could affect her ability to keep her job, but she can't turn off automated payment, as the web staff is on furlough
Youssef, who works for @CBP is on furlough. He talked about border agents dipping into their savings, unable to close on a home; he discussed his own double bind in applying for unemployment to make his mortgage payment, while still technically a federal worker.
We heard from many @TSA employees who detailed their struggles to make ends meet: Jennifer said a coworker was deciding between the cost of transportation to work her insulin. Wanavia, a veteran, said she took her children to a foodbank to supplement grocery costs.
This #GovernmentShutdown impacts real people, with real stories, and real lives. Yesterday I had the opportunity to join a group of federal workers, many of them veterans, along with @RepAndyLevin @RepDebDingell, to hear their stories. I wanted to share some with all of you:
This is a group of public servants with a mission –– to protect the Homeland and improve the lives of the people we represent. Proud to work alongside you all.
RT @RepSpanberger: One week in: A group of freshman House Members—with national security backgrounds—doing a little orienteering in the tun…
As a former Pentagon official and CIA analyst, it was great to join #PodSavetheWorld to talk national security, and what we as Members of Congress can do to fulfill our responsibility to weigh in on where and when our troops are fighting abroad.
Michigan beer vs. Tennesee whiskey: Was great to join @FoxNewsSunday with fellow freshman member @RepMarkGreen to discuss bipartisanship and restarting the government:
We have been working with Census officials to ensure that employees in our district get all available information, as they face the financial uncertainty produced by this shutdown.
The day before I was sworn in, I spoke directly with a constituent from Brighton who called our office — she is a @uscensusbureau employee who had not received thorough information on what the shutdown would mean for her pay work schedule.
The ways in which this shutdown is impacting people in #MI08 underscores the need to fulfill our fundamental responsibility as lawmakers to keep the government functioning.
Today is the 15th day of the government shutdown — and despite our vote on Thursday night to re-open the government, the Senate has yet to take action.
Earlier today, I participated in a press conference with @RepSpanberger on #HR1, the first major bill that the U.S. House of Representatives will consider in this new Congress:
I fundamentally disagree with the policy that allows Members of Congress to receive a salary during the government shutdown while Federal workers continue to go without pay. Until it re-opens, I will be donating my paycheck:
Tonight we voted to re-open the government. Here’s an update on how I spent the night, with some of my new colleagues:
Our mission is to get to work on the issues that matter to the people of this district: access to affordable healthcare, clean water, and returning a sense of integrity and decency to our politics.
Earlier today I was sworn in on the floor of the House of Representatives. I am deeply grateful that the people of Michigan’s 8th district have honored me with their confidence — and thankful for my family, who joined me today.
Welcome to our new, congressional account! Tomorrow we will be sworn in officially — and this is where you can stay updated on legislation, Congress, and what it means for Michigan’s 8th district.
