
The Women’s US Nat'l Team plays wins more games, has better TV ratings than the Men’s Team. The women have won 3 World Cup titles, the men have never won the Cup. Yet the women make LESS $! Here’s to “running like a girl” to another year of victories on the field in court!
The President feels very badly for Manafort, a man who convicted of tax fraud, hiding foreign bank accounts defrauding banks. I guess @POTUS doesn’t think someone who engages in tax evasion, and who owes the government and taxpayers $24 million, should go to jail....hmmm
.@POTUS's commission released 56 recs on dealing w/deadly opioids 16 months ago – Trump’s National Drug Policy office does nothing with them! I got Drug Czar to commit to releasing docs showing policy/strategy deficiencies. @OversightDems
@POTUS's commission released 56 recs dealing w/deadly opioid crisis 16 months ago – Trump’s National Drug Policy office does nothing with them! I got Drug Czar to commit to releasing docs showing policy/strategy deficiencies. @OversightDems #DrugCrisis
It's #WomensDay time for the US to catch up with the other 192 countries worldwide that have equality provisions in their constitutions. Let’s make constitutional equality a reality for American women girls. We're only need 1 state my bill, H.J.Res. 38, to achieve #ERANow!
The persuasion of @POTUS.
Manafort’s sentencing is a gross injustice. Ignoring sentencing parameters and claiming Manafort “led a life otherwise blameless” suggests Judge Ellis is patently ignorant of the basic facts of the case. And angling for a presidential judicial appointment.
My bill H.R.1574, the Closing the Law Enforcement Loophole Act, is in #VAWA! It's just common sense that those under color of law are legally incapable of consenting to sexual acts w/law enforcement officers who hold enormous power. We can’t tolerate predators in any profession!
Way to go @CunninghamNCRep @juliefornc @FloydMcKissick @ERA_NC on introducing the ERA in the NC legislature. It's long past time for women men to be equal under the Constitution, so let's make NC the 38th state to ratify #ERANow!
RT @hardball: "The documentation that he provided us today will help us come to the conclusions that we will need to make whether or not th…
What passes as “strategy” for this WH would be “obstruction” in any other context. The WH must respond promptly to document requests and subpoenas to enable Congress to oversee this corrupt, incompetent administration.
Celebrating the year of the Golden Boar in Millbrae
RT @ma_franks: The weakness of these state laws is yet another reason we need comprehensive federal legislation to protect intimate privacy…
Foster City finally has a post office again!
RT @SHO_TheCircus: .@AlexWagner chats with @RepSpeier, and discusses her thoughts on the impact the investigations on #Trump have on the Am…
Proud to deliver two very special readings of I Am Jazz for #JazzAndFriends – with transgender servicemembers before my hearing yesterday in MILPERS on the House floor this morning. To all transgender non-binary youth, please know @HouseDemocrats see, support, honor you.
#ICYMI - I convened a hearing yesterday to honor the service of transgender individuals in our armed forces, marking the first time that openly transgender servicemembers have testified before Congress.
As I said in my opening remarks in MILPERS - 14,700 transgender individuals serve ably, are exceptional, but also exceptionally normal. They serve the Constitution, our nation the Commander in Chief, yet ⁦@POTUS⁩ treats them like liabilities trivializes their sacrifice.
ICYMI: Under my questioning, Michael Cohen says he threatened and intimidated individuals, including reporters, at the best of the President more than 500 times and agreed to turn over about 100 voice recordings
The MILPERS hearing honoring 2.5 years of sterling service by our brave transgender military servicemembers has been pushed back for votes, but will begin as soon as the voting series commences. You can watch live at
I am honored to host the first five openly transgender servicemembers ever to testify before the House Armed Services Military Personnel Subcommittee. This is a long overdue and historic day! You can watch at
RT @jaketapper: ...Speier: Over the ten years he asked you --Cohen: And when you say threaten, I’m talking about with litigation, or an a…
TODAY at 3 pm, I will chair a MILPERS hearing honoring 2.5 years of successful open military service by transgender people. Banning servicemembers who have performed honorably makes no sense and would weaken our armed forces. You can watch the hearing at
Cohen is making a compelling case for not blindly lying for the President. “Look what happened to me for lying for him for 10 years.”
Revelations about @POTUS’s racist beliefs is truly disgusting. Not surprising but truly disgusting. It’s unacceptable for America to have a racist President and an affront to the foundation of our country—all are created equal.
The Republicans are continuing to label Cohen a liar, which he admits. What is left out is Cohen is going to prison for lying FOR the President.
My GOP colleagues are working hard to focus on Cohen’s conviction/lies—it’s become abundantly clear being a pathological liar is a prerequisite to being on @POTUS’s payroll. It’s also clear @GOPoversight is desperate to keep Cohen from testifying. What are they so afraid of?
Stunned DOJ DOD signed off on TransDigm acquiring Esterline in a $4B deal AFTER DOD IG found TransDigm routinely gouged the U.S. gov taxpayers by as much as 4451%. We must empower contracting officers to investigate companies' costs STOP gifting TransDigm w/unfair contracts
At House Intel hearing on rise of authoritarian govs I engaged the panel on the impact of lifting sanctions on Oleg Deripaska, growing anxiety of our NATO allies, and the pernicious intents of an increasingly assertive China. The U.S. must stay engaged and alert!
58 nat sec officials have spoken - there is NO national emergency. @POTUS's show-and-tell field trip for his vanity wall is nothing more than a ploy to cater to his base. @HouseDems are ready to block any attempt to waste taxpayer $ on his edifice complex. #FakeEmergency
The community of San Francisco will envelop you and give you strength. God bless you.
The last time I saw him he was at a political event decked out in a beautiful jacket for Halloween and it was 8 am in the morning. He was the real deal and my prayers go out to his family at this painful and numbing time.
Jeff Adachi was a righteous public servant who believed passionately in the Constitution, due process and the rights of the accused to be ably represented by counsel.  He did not shrink from public debate or tough political decisions.
.@POTUS has no business playing doctor. The domestic gag rule undermines access to healthcare for 4 mil Americans, robs trusted healthcare providers of vital Title X funds puts $ into the hands of non-medical groups that promote their biased agenda.
.@SecretaryAcosta's plea deal let Epstein off the hook after he molested trafficked dozens of girls is a disgusting abuse of power for political gain this ruling proves he violated the law. I’ll be sending a letter with my colleagues demanding he’s immediately fired.
Step 2 is making sure this important change applies to the 50% of Google workers who are temps, vendors, and contractors!
.@Google’s announcement is a step in the right direction a testament to the thousands of employees who took to the streets to demand change. But we can’t stop here. #googlewalkout #endforcedarbitration
Bad boy Roger Stone has pulled his last trick on Judge Amy Berman Jackson. His post with crosshairs and her pix is deplorable. Now silence will be golden for Stone.
Roger Stone fretting about having enough $ to put food in the table. Poor guy. Maybe he can sell some of his suits.
I told a group of @MomsDemand today that I am confident H.R. 8 will pass in the House, thanks in part to their work. They have grown to over 5 million members nationally kept gun violence prevention in the spotlight. It’s indefensible that we haven’t closed this loophole yet.
The only national emergency is that @POTUS is President. We will stop him in the House. He is stomping on the Constitution and laughing all the way into Putin’s arms.
PSA: @usedgov will reopen the #TitleIX comment period for 24 hrs TODAY. @BetsyDeVosED's proposed rule will inhibit survivors from coming forward to seek justice. DeVos needs to work with survivors advocates to improve #TitleIX, not undermine it!
.@POTUS is crossing the ultimate redline. A phony national emergency will be laughed out of the courtroom.
The toxic environment of sexual harassment and misconduct in USFS Region 5 requires swift action. I expect the briefing by the Dept of Agriculture's IG and USFS will include detailed plans for a complete overhaul of their response to this ongoing crisis.
.@POTUS is crippling our voting security systems by cutting Homeland Security task forces. Who’s rigging the 2020 election? It’s in plain via @thedailybeast
PSA: @usedgov will reopen the #TitleIX comment period for 24 hrs TOMORROW. @BetsyDeVosED's proposed rule will inhibit survivors from coming forward to seek justice. DeVos needs to work with survivors advocates to improve #TitleIX, not undermine it!
Heart disease is the #1 killer of women and kills women and men in almost equal numbers in the US, yet it’s still largely thought of as a “man’s disease.” Proud to #GoRedForWomen this #HeartMonth and support better funding for NIH research of this deadly (wo)man’s disease.
One child lost to gun violence is too many. 1,200 is an epidemic. As we honor the 17 lives lost at MSD, the still-grieving community the 1,200 kids who have died #SinceParkland, let's redouble our efforts in the fight for gun safety laws get NRA $ out of Congress.
On the eve of the tragic #ParklandShooting, FINALLY the House of Reps is acting!
RT @JuddApatow: Pocahontas is cool?  Nazi’s are good people is cool?  Mexicans are rapists is cool?  Africa is a shithole is cool? Grab em…
PSA: @usedgov will reopen the #TitleIX comment period for 24 hrs this FRIDAY. @BetsyDeVosED's proposed rule will inhibit survivors from coming forward to seek justice. DeVos needs to work with survivors advocates to improve #TitleIX, not undermine it!
Deeply Troubled ⁦@DeptofDefense⁩ refused to allow Dr. Van Winkle military academy superintendents to testify alongside nongov experts. We have a constitutional responsibility to provide oversight DOD is sending the wrong signals about how seriously it takes this problem
My hearing on sexual assault at the Military Service Academies begins NOW. It's on C-SPAN 3 and C-SPAN radio or go here: or tune in to @HASCDemocrats live stream
TODAY at 2pm ET I'm holding a hearing to press Military Service Academy leadership to end the epidemic of sexual assault on their campuses. You can watch on C-SPAN 3 at or the @HASCDemocrats website website:
#PaidLeave is critical to achieving an even playing field for working women @reprosadelauro's #FAMILYAct builds on the successes of CA's paid leave policy, which I cosponsored in '02. Proud to support this national fight. All families must be able to afford care for loved ones!
It should alarm us all that over the last 200 years, 90% of the Bay’s wetlands have been destroyed by human activity. While we have made some progress in restoring this national treasure to its former glory, much more must be done.
America is at a crossroads: We must decide whether we stay on our current path to annihilation or take radical action to save our planet lives. As a co-sponsor of the #GreenNewDealResolution I've chosen a roadmap that will help us finally tackle climate change #ForThePeople !
No President has ever worked harder at looking like he was working when he’s only “puttering” around. 
Proud to have a hand in recognizing the courage commitment of USAF Staff Sgt. Logan Ireland all of our brave #transgender troops veterans who are willing to put their lives on the line in defense of our country. They deserve the same respect honor they give!
#Whitaker’s performance today was clearly an audition for a promotion — from @POTUS’s errand boy to full-fledged lackey.
RT @waltshaub: 1/ THREAD: Lost in the noise this week was the introduction of an important bill by @RepSpeier. The bill is called the Resto…
Saddened to hear of the passing of John Dingell - a political giant whose biting wit made him a Twitter rockstar strength of character made him a master of compromise. His impact on Congress started in childhood, added to his dad’s legacy continues w/his wife Rep @DebDingell
Introduced the RIGHT Act to address unprecedented levels of unethical behavior, nepotism and misconduct in the Executive Branch that pose a clear and present danger to not only our electoral systems but the foundation of our democracy. Read all about it:
Today I reintroduced the bipartisan REPAY Act w/ @RepMarkMeadows, @RepTedLieu, and others. The bill would prevent wealthy Gulf nations from free-loading off US taxpayers when they buy our weapons. We should really ban sales to Saudi Arabia, but could at least NOT subsidize them.
.@POTUS hiring a former Fox News correspondent to head the State Dept counter-propaganda program to combat “Russian disinformation, terrorist group messaging, and Chinese propaganda” sounds a lot like that old adage about guarding the hen house. It’s on the tip of my tongue.
And @SenGillibrand has introduced a companion bill in the US Senate. You can read more about my House bill here:
.@POTUS can't silence or ignore our 1000s of brave #transgender servicemembers willing to make the ultimate sacrifice for our country. That's why I introduced H.R. 1032, to reverse the President’s discriminatory #TransMilitaryBan so that trans troops can join and serve openly.
RT @NewDay: Coming up on #NewDay: @RepSpeier @SenatorDurbin @thelauracoates @JenSaidIt @JohnAvlon @jasoncarrollcnn @ToluseO @sbg1 @jmartNYT…
RT @hardball: "There's no question it was a veiled threat." @RepSpeier on Trump taking a swipe at the Russia investigation. #Hardball
Last night @POTUS said “You weren’t supposed to do that.” Well we did! We now have a record 106 women serving in the House of Representatives.
Asked about unregulated foreign funds funneled through 501c4s and the level of risk it poses to our election security at today’s Oversight and Government Reform hearing. Congress must act on the threat posed by dark money!
.@POTUS -- This is not a hoax. Our planet is burning up. Do you care at all?
Couldn’t be more proud to take in this breathtaking view from ⁦⁦@SpeakerPelosi⁩ ‘s balcony w/ USAF Staff Sgt Logan Ireland, one of our brave #Transgender military servicemembers my #SOTU guest. His service in Afghanistan, Qatar the US makes America stronger!
Mexico STILL isn’t paying for the wall.
There is no humanitarian crisis at the border; just in the President’s imagination.
Virtually no suspected terrorists have been seized along the border.
.@POTUS would have to seize private lands to build his “wall” or whatever he’s calling it these days.
700 miles of “wall” already exists
Here are a few more items to add to the list:Border apprehensions and arrests are at near all-time lows.
Bravo @MSNBC for providing the facts in the face of @POTUS’s fiction.
I cosponsored the bill in CA making it the first state to pass paid leave in 2002. It's time for Congress to take this trend national pass the FAMILY Act. No one should ever have to choose between bonding w/a child, caring for a parent or putting food on the table. #FMLA26
I wonder how much #ExecutiveTime Belichik and Pelosi carve out each day?
Old is new or, more precisely, effective. Belichick=Pelosi
Remembering civil rights activist Rosa Parks, who was born #OTD in 1913. "People always say that I didn't give up my seat because I was tired, but that isn't true... No, the only tired I was, was tired of giving in." #BlackHistoryMonth
RT @LibnOfCongress: Celebrating African-American History Month. One of my favorite collections at the @librarycongress is the Rosa Parks co…
Last April, I asked Sec Mattis whether he would thought courageous trans servicemembers like AF Staff Sgt Ireland are a "burden" on our military. This year I'm proud to have Staff Sgt Ireland as my guest of honor at the #SOTU. He’s proof that our #trans troops make us stronger!
Spoke to @CBSThisMorning @NorahODonnell about the nearly 50% spike in sexual assaults at our military academies. Heads should roll and cadets/midshipmen guilty of sexual assault / harassment need to be drummed out and on the hook for tuition costs. via
Proud to launch the new fight for the ERA in the 116th Congress w/@RepMaloney @PattyArquette @Alyssa_Milano and more. Just introduced H.J. Res. 38, which removes the deadline to ratify #ERANow – There can be no time limit on equality!
In the coming days, I will be calling on the heads of our academies to  come to Washington to meet with me and explain how they will be  rethinking and redoubling their efforts to address this horrendous and  worsening problem.
This report also shows our future leaders aren’t being prepared to help stamp out sexual assault in our armed forces but will in fact perpetuate and worsen this scourge. Our service academies must lead the charge in protecting the dignity and respect of young men and women.
Attempts to address sexual assault in our academies have not only failed, they've allowed rates to jump a staggering 47%. A record 15.8% of women 2.4% of men experienced unwanted sexual contact in the past year. 1/2 the women cadets/midshipmen reported being sexually harassed.
We expect military service academies attract the best brightest but this report suggests academic/athletic success does not equate to instilling respect honor, hallmarks of American military service. Alarm bells should be going off everywhere.
We must stop the instutionalization of gender wage discrimination that causes women to loose over $400K on average over the course of their careers, and even more for women of color. Proud to stand with ⁦@rosadelauro⁩ to ensure #PaycheckFairness is passed this year!
Loved that you brought some young ladies from Virginia to celebrate with us — no doubt our future leaders and stars in the fight for equality!
RT @LissandraVilla: A House Democrat Is Probing Whether Steven Mnuchin Had A Conflict Of Interest In The Russian Sanctions Fight via @LoopE…
.⁦@Alyssa_Milano⁩ put it best to the states and those who would stand in the way of #ERANow - this isn’t politics, it’s personal and we will make a project of you in 2020. We’ve done it before.
With the star power of ⁦@PattyArquette⁩ and ⁦@Alyssa_Milano⁩ behind us we will have the #ERANow because we’re done waiting.
We’ve been talking about #ERANow for 47 years, the time to pass this amendment and get it added to the Constitution is now!
Nominating Dr. Christine Blasey Ford – a true American (s)hero who sacrificed so much to do what was right for our country and for the pursuit of truth of justice – for this year’s Profiles in Courage Award @JFKLibrary. She is an inspiration to us all.
Can't wait to launch the new fight for ratification of the #ERANow with @PattyArquette @Alyssa_Milano @RepMaloney and @HouseDemWomen!
.@SpeakerPelosi's new theme song is R-E-S-P-E-C-T. @Potus just needs to learn the tune.
Thrilled to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the San Mateo Public Library. Their motto says it all: Open Doors, Open Minds, Open Community. Congratulations!
.@POTUS has bone spurs. @SpeakerPelosi has a backbone.
.@POTUS for once you’re right. The only thing that works is a stern “NO.”     
RT @LeoShane: Will Congress finally deal with the Feres Doctrine, which blocks troops from malpractice lawsuits against the military? @RepS…
Joined @RepWexton, @RepMaloney, @RepSpanberger @RepElaineLuria in urging the Virginia Assembly to make history by becoming the 38th state to ratify the ERA. We're only 1 state shy of our goal. Introducing my bill next week to remove the deadline finally make #ERANow a reality
Under @POTUS polluters are prospering – paying a whopping 85% less in penalties than they did under the Obama Administration! The President isn’t draining the swamp, he’s polluting it.

With a nudge from @RepRubenGallego me, @USArmy finally releases Iraq War history w/critical lessons for future battles, including the fact that tech advantages alone can’t win our inability to effectively respond to Syria/Iran made “mission accomplished” almost impossible.
The party of Marie "Let them eat cake" Antoinette is in full force with Commerce Sec Wilbur Ross; a man who dons $600 velvet smoking slippers while failing to timely divest of hundreds of millions in assets, including those linked to a Russian firm.
@WizardsWoman Hi Jocelyn, you can contact my staff at 202-225-3531.
RT @CNNSitRoom: “The President is using almost a million federal employees as bargaining chips,” Democrat @RepSpeier says.“We don’t have…
We all know what the state of our union is. We don’t need @POTUS to tell us what it is. What we need is for him to grow a spine, stop pandering to right-wing media shills, and open up the government.
After @stevenmnuchin1 waived sanctions for Deripaska, shares of Rusal rose by 124%! With a boost like that, everyone’s going to want US sanctions.
.@POTUS has never been bound by truth, so it makes sense that he sees KJU as a kindred spirit. But you’d think 19 undisclosed missile sites would be enough to make even him think twice about rushing into another Public Relations stunt with NK. He's got to have a redline somewhere
Banning #trans individuals from joining the military serving openly/proudly is unconstitutional. The ban's only purpose is to prop up @POTUS’s fabricated crisis. Holding a hearing to get to the bottom of the Admin's propagandized study introducing leg to fix this injustice.
@POTUS spent 2 minutes at the #MLK memorial today. How about serving federal workers at a soup kitchen during this national day of service?
“I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality... I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word.” #MLKJrDay
To equate the legacy of one of America’s finest statesmen and champions of civil rights with a vanity project built on racist ideology and hatred is beyond disgraceful. @VP owes the American people, and the memory of Dr. King, an immediate and profuse apology. @POTUS is no MLK!
Mr. President: Stop negotiating with yourself. You are causing great harm to our union. Federal employees are pawns in your chess game. You will be checkmated, guaranteed.
Federal employees with children are losing their childcare slots because they can’t afford to pay childcare while they aren’t being paid.
EPA workers working in wildfire and hurricane disaster areas have to pay for their housing and transportation and can’t get reimbursed because their agency is not funded.
One federal employee pointed out that people will no longer want to become federal employees, eroding talent in public service.
One contractor said she can’t pay rent, is not taking medications, won’t see a doctor, is running up her credit card debt. So far, contractors aren’t guaranteed reimbursement. She said she will live in her car within weeks.
One employee said landlords will no longer want to rent to federal workers because they are a financial risk as shutdowns become more frequent.
One EPA employee is using government credit cards issued in her name but can’t get reimbursed because her agency is shut down. It’s ruining her credit score and that could be cause to get fired.
One IRS employee was ordered back to work without pay and couldn't afford the bus ticket.
Listened to furloughed federal employees and contractors this afternoon. The humanitarian crisis is right here in the USA, not just at the border.@POTUS, end the #Shutdown!
.@POTUS thinks everything belongs to him. WH Counsel AG are his private attorneys, MILAIR is his private airline the Treasury is his own piggy bank. He still doesn’t get that we have 3 branches of gov, equal in stature, Congress appropriates the $.
If true, this is obstruction of justice, plain and simple. via @jasonleopold
Mnuchin Co are swanning off to Davos, Switzerland on MILAIR at taxpayer expense, but the Speaker of the House can't go to Afghanistan.
That's pretty rich coming from a guy who works for @POTUS. If he thinks George Conway is a bad husband what must he think about a spouse having affairs months after the birth of their child and bragging about sexual assault? 
.@POTUS has no business giving a State of the Union address when the union is in this state.
Dear @AnnCoulter -- Please tell the President it's OK to open up the government.
6. Buenos Aires, December 2018.  Informal conversations at dinner and a brief meeting.
5. Paris, November 2018. "Brief greetings" at WWI armistice anniversary.
4. Helsinki, July 2018. Two hour meeting with Trump and Putin. Each had an interpreter present. At the press conference afterward Trump said he “didn’t see any reason” to disbelieve Putin’s claims about the 2016 election.
3. Vietnam, November, 2017.  Trump and Putin had brief sidebars at Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Summit.
2. Hamburg Banquet, July 2017.  Trump, Putin and a Russian interpreter talked during the dinner meeting.
1. Hamburg, July 2017. Rex Tillerson was present for the  meeting. Interpreter told reporters that Trump responded to Putin’s denials about 2016 interference by saying “I believe you.”  After this meeting Trump took possession of the interpreter’s notes.
What's been said at the unsupervised #TrumpPutin Meetings? If it was up to @POTUS we would never know!
Bravo to the Virginia Senate, which just voted to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment. Now it’s on to the State Assembly and the annals of history! We’re just one state shy of what we need to pass the #ERANow!
The #TrumpShutdown is flooding public lands w/ feces trash, risks housing for seniors those w/disabilities we lose food stamps on 3/1. We are facing a humanitarian crisis, not just at our border, because @POTUS views the shutdown as some kind of trophy or John Wayne win.
.@POTUS’s AG nominee said whistleblower protections pose a threat to “the liberties of the American people.” And by people he meant parasitic contractors who rip off the fed gov with $640 toilets and $400 hammers. Whistleblowes are brave Americans who see fraud and call it out!
Deeply saddened to hear about the loss of Carol Channing, a dear friend and one of the Grand Dames of American theater. Working with her to pass HR 275, and spending time with her and her beloved husband Harry, bring such sweet remembrances. Their’s was a love story for the ages.
RT @JohnBerman: JUST NOW:  "In his dreams he's gotten phone calls from Democrats. "@RepSpeier on @realDonaldTrump  claims that Demorats h…
For someone who constantly professes his innocence with bloviating outrage, @POTUS sure acts guilty. Congress must subpoena the interpreter to find out what Trump has been discussing with his KGB handler.
.@POTUS will jump as high as the lending industry likes to open a sliver of government but the rest of the federal workers can eat cake...if they could only afford it. Who ever said @POTUS was for the little guy? Look at his actions.
Standing in solidarity with the more than $800,000 federal government employees furloughed or forced to work without pay and refusing my salary during the #TrumpShutdown. When the President turns to talking heads on TV to determine policy, the President is no longer fit to serve.
Or declaring the epidemic of gun deaths as a national emergency and using military funds to buy back guns?
.@NASA federal employees are victims of the #Trumpshutdown. Some of  the scientists and engineers are forced to look for other work, a huge setback to them personally and to the scientific community. Meet some of the NASA employees in this video:
Walter Cronkite said, “Freedom of the press is not just important to democracy, it is democracy.” Yet the murder of American resident journalist #JamalKhashoggi has been met w/barely a response from the WH no official rebuke from the House. Congress must #ProtectJournalists
In 1 hour! Members of Congress, press freedom advocates friends colleagues of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi will honor his life and the lives of 53  journalists killed around the world in 2018. We stand w/them in the fight for freedom of the press!
Hey @POTUS, look at what turned up at a LEGAL point of entry. According to the Drug Enforcement Administration's 2018 Drug Threat Assessment, “a small percent of all heroin seized by CBP ... was between Ports of Entry (POEs).”
RT @GabbyGiffords: As a congresswoman, I was inspired by Rep. Leo Ryan's model of public service. Today, it was humbling to be honored with…
Almost 40,000 Americans were killed with a gun last year. Would Congress sit idly by and do nothing if 40,000 Americans died from a viral epidemic or tainted food? No! Congress must take action to protect the American public and pass #HR8 #NeverAgain
And most of these cases stem from people overstaying their visas. In FY2017, @HomelandSecurity reported 606,926 suspected overstays, or double the number of southern border apprehensions. In FY16, there were 408,870 southern border apprehensions vs 544,676 suspected overstays.
.@POTUS continues to wall himself off from reality on border security with bogus claims of apprehensions at our southern border being on the rise. The fact is they've dropped dramatically, from more than 1 million in the 1980s to the mid-2000s, to less than 400,000 in FY18.
.⁦@ShuttleCDRKelly⁩ toasts ⁦@GabbyGiffords⁩ and Congressman Leo Ryan “who could not be here with us today” in recognizing their heroism,  courage and honor to duty. They’re both a great inspiration to all Members of Congress and the country that we love and serve.
.@POTUS seems to have forgotten, yet again, that The federal government manages 57 percent of the forests in California. The state manages 2 percent. Private owners are responsible for 39 percent. Maybe this colorful map can help! #FactCheckTrump
⁦.⁦@GabbyGiffords⁩ reminds us to “be bold” in our service to our constituents at the unveiling of the plaque honoring her bravery the heroism of Congressman Ryan, both of whom were shot in the line of duty. Congressman Ryan’s spirit lives on Gabby is a true force.
.@POTUS is up against a wall built on his lies. He continues to use fear to try to get support for what’s basically a manifestation of fear - walling off America - and to compensate for his edifice complex. It’s time to end the #TrumpShutdown 
We have a real security impact w/the shutdown of Homeland Security, DoD a devastating impact on our natural lands by the #TrumpShutdown. @POTUS needs to reopen the gov pay the nearly 800,000 fed employees who have been furloughed or forced to work without pay! #TrumpShutdown
RT @RepHuffman: Because Trump is ignoring the consequences of his ridiculous #shutdown, @RepSpeier I are taking garbage we picked up at o…
⁦@RepHuffman⁩ and I are delivering trash that he and I cleaned up in national parks in our districts last weekend and that I personally paid to have shipped to DC so that we can deliver it to the White House.
I urge the networks cable news to consider real-time fact checking if they broadcast @POTUS’s border wall propaganda pitch. His campaign of disinformation and regular attacks on the media has undermined more than the press. It threatens our democracy.
Proud to make history with @HouseDemWomen in the 116th Congress! With a record number of women, women of color, we are changing the face of this institution, making it more inclusive representative of all Americans! Our first order of business must be #ERANow #ForThePeople
After ceremony, former Governor @Schwarzenegger takes a selfie with newly sworn in @GavinNewsom
Children shouldn’t be ripped from their parents’ arms! @GavinNewsom’s son walked onto the stage numerous times.
A #DACA kid at @GavinNewsom’s inauguration said, “I wasn’t born in CA, but CA was born in me.”
African proverb—If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together. @GavinNewsom
.@GavinNewsom: We will seize the moment. When so much of America is divided, we are united.
Our new governor @GavinNewsom is talking about renewing the California dream in his address.
It’s time to end the @POTUS political stunt and get to work for the American people. #TrumpShutdown
Picking up trash with ⁦@RepHuffman⁩ at Lands End because furloughed National Park workers can’t work because of #TrumpShutdown. Open the government!
.@POTUS shuts down the government for border wall spending to protect Americans from a fictitious “invasion,” but does nothing but pout about the real life or death threat of drug industry price hikes. How much insulin could that $5.7 billion buy?
SIGAR provided critical oversight by unearthing fraud and abuse of the $126 billion America has spent in Afghanistan. Would @POTUS prefer this rampant and egregious waste of taxpayer money continue in secret and unabated?
All 5 military chiefs, including incoming Chair Mark Milley, said there has been no issue in over 2 years of open #transgender service. @POTUS's ban discriminates against our troops when we should be celebrating service to our country. This cannot stand.
.@repjohnlewis looking on in admiration as Nancy Pelosi becomes our new Speaker of the House, making history yet again. #MadamSpeaker
California should be able to accomplish much in the House with two leaders from our great state, @SpeakerPelosi @GOPLeader
Women of the California Delegation are lining up to escort our new #MadamSpeaker into the chamber!
RT @DeadlineWH: "Unfortunately, what we saw here today is the President wasn't negotiating..."- @RepSpeier discusses lawmakers meeting at t…
As I said to @ChrisJansing earlier, @POTUS needs to roll up his sleeves and negotiate to reopen the government and Congress needs to negotiate, and it’s high time for Members to lose their pay when the government is #shutdown. CA did it in 2010 w/ passage of “no budget, no pay.”
Here’s to a happy healthy 2019 as the New Year brings new opportunities for progress for all Americans, including better health care, environmental, immigration protections; passage of the  #ERANow; combatting government corruption at all levels! #Happy2019 #HappyNewYear
And @POTUS must END his needlessly cruel policy of detaining families fleeing for their very survival. There is no such thing as safe or healthy incarceration for infants and children. The only thing it does is make a lot of money for his private prison-owning cronies.
It shouldn’t take an act of Congress to institute basic health screenings for flu, meningitis, and other potentially deadly diseases at the border. If we can manage it for foreign travelers during outbreaks surely we can do it for families, and children, seeking asylum.
When I visited the troops deployed to the southern border by @POTUS at Christmas I was stunned to learned they cannot use their medical training. Perhaps if they had been able to do so Felipe, 8, and Jakelin, 7, would still be alive.

Laura Calderwood is an extraordinary example of the healing power of generosity goodness in the face of unfathomable pain grief. Her strength determination to rise above the malevolent political abuse of her daughter’s murder is inspiring gives me great hope in humanity.
The Feres doctrine is one of SCOTUS's worst decisions. Military doctors must face consequences for gross malpractice. I have listened to been inspired by Green Beret Richard Stayskal others intend to right this wrong with or without SCOTUS action.
And as we turn to our families, friends, and neighbors to share our love and delight, here’s hoping the President learns the true meaning of strength and leadership on this most holy night.
He should trade in his Twitter for some holiday cheer, and embrace what we all hold near and dear.
The rest of our hardworking federal workforce must be paid too, they shouldn’t be forced to choose between paying bills or going to holidays do’s.
He must open the government without delay, so that he can pay the Customs and Border Patrol Agents working night and day.
He should send our military service members home to their families, not make them deploy at the southern border because of his self-inflicted political insanity.
I dressed in my red coat to go feed the troops, in hopes that @POTUS would take a cue and do it too, instead of sitting in the White House all alone crying boo.
‘Twas the night before Christmas and all through the White House, not a general was clear of what withdrawal will mean, far or near.
Stocking up on See's Candies to take to the troops in San Diego who aren't with their families this Christmas. @RepMarkTakano
In 2016, @POTUS’ new Chief of Staff Mick Mulvaney said, “The fence doesn’t solve the problem…to just say build the darn fence and have that be the end of an immigration discussion is absurd almost childish for someone running for president to take that simplistic of [a] view.”
