Today, I joined my colleague @USRepMikeDoyle as he introduced the “Save the Internet Act” to restore net neutrality and reverse the FCC’s rushed rule change in 2017.  Read my statement here:
Today, on this #InternationalWomensDay we celebrate the courageous women who have fought for equality throughout history and they who continue the fight today. We must remain committed to empowering current and future generations of American women. #WomensHistoryMonth
The Feb. jobs report is troubling. Our economy only added 20k jobs last month, much fewer than expected. A national infra. investment will not only strengthen infrastructure but also create thousands of jobs. My statement here:
Today, the @HouseForeign convened to mark up five bipartisan bills. We’re holding #Russia accountable for the unlawful annexation of #Crimea and its retribution killing of opposition leader #BorisNemtsov
As the leader of our country there must be transparency between the American people and the White House.
Any sitting President, Vice President, or candidate for these offices would be required to possibly release their tax returns.
Furthermore, under this legislation the President will now be required to disclose their financial records within 30 days of being sworn into the office and be prohibited from making any contracts with the U.S. gov’t while in office.
The #ForThePeopleAct will do away with foreign money making decisions about U.S. politics.
During the 2018 elections many Americans had their right to vote taken from them due to faulty machines, extreme limitations on voter registration, and extensive lines – many Americans work min. wage jobs and can’t afford to miss out on hours at work.
I had the pleasure of meeting with the Ambassador of Paraguay @CaceresCMM this afternoon. We discussed continued bilateral relations between our countries and continued regional support for Venezuelans. Thank you for your visit.
The time is now to nationally have automatic, online, and same day voter registration. We must put a stop to unnecessary voter roll purges and restore the Voting Rights Act.
#HR1 Ensures clean and fair elections, making it easier for Americans to exercise their right to vote.
Tomorrow @HouseDemocrats will vote on the most important democratic ethical legislation of this generation. We are committed to restoring our democracy #ForThePeople.
Pleased to be an original co-sponsor of the #ReproRightsAreHumanRightsAct. We must pass this bill ensure the @StateDept includes #reprorights in their annual Human Rights Report. Womens’ rights are human rights.
#HR1 must be a priority as we face some of our most pressing issues within our democracy.
For far too long the American people have been left out of the democratic process. That is why @HouseDemocrats are working to pass the #ForThePeople Act, to ensure we have transparency accountability not only in Washington but at the voting polls too.
I am pleased that today at the @HouseBudgetDems hearing @RepMalinowski spoke before the committee on how vital the #GatewayProject is to the state of #NJ the nation’s economy.
Hundreds of thousands of #DACA, #TPS and #DEDrecipients are at risk of losing their legal status in the US. #ProtectTheDream - we’re demanding accountability from the Trump Administration on their cruel anti-immigrant agenda.
The Vet HP Act #HR1271 will launch a pilot program introducing a clinical observation program for pre-med students preparing to attend medical school.
#HR1381, the Burn Pit Registry Enhancement Act, directs the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to ensure that the burn pit registry is properly updated.
#HR1138, to reauthorize the West Valley demonstration project.
The Responsible Disposal Reauthorization Act of 2019 #HR347 allows the Department of Energy to operate the Cheyney Disposal cell in #Colordao. The disposal cell serves as a source for mill tailings, a sandy waste that results from the process of turning natural uranium into fuel.
#HR762 the Streamlining Energy Efficiency for Schools Act of 2019, establishes a clearinghouse for distributing information about available programs and financing to help initiate, develop, finance energy efficiency projects for schools.
Headed to the House floor to vote on a series of bills.
I vow to work with my colleagues to #SaveTitleX and fight for access to women’s health care.
Millions of Americans rely on #TitleX providers for affordable health family planning services. The Administration’s new rule is a direct attack on women and underserved communities as they seek to continue restricting the provider network undermine care.
Corruption in #ElSalvador has run rampant for too long. I urge President-elect @nayibbukele to follow through on his campaign promise to call for a #CICIES.
#TPS has been extended through Jan 2020, providing a reprieve to over 250,000 immigrants from #Haiti, #ElSalvador, #Nicaragua, and #Sudan. Good news, but thousands of others are still feeling the urgency for protection. #SaveTPS
the Expanded Background Checks Act of 2019, introduced by Rep. James Clyburn (D-SC), passed by a vote of 228-198. Both bills now await further consideration in the Senate.
H.R. 8, the Bipartisan Background Check Act of 2019, introduced by Rep. Mike Thompson (D-CA), passed by a vote of 240-190. H.R. 1112,
I call on my colleagues in the Senate to listen to the will of the people and pass this package of bills, so they can be signed into law.”
More than 90% of our country support these commonsense steps and I want to thank Rep. Mike Thompson and Rep. James Clyburn for introducing them.
By extending the background check system to all gun sales, not just licensed dealers, and extending the time frame for a check to be completed, we can ensure that our laws are effective and American lives are protected.
These bills close dangerous loopholes in our background check system that have allowed otherwise prohibited purchasers to obtain deadly weapons.
I was proud to stand with my colleagues as we sent the Bipartisan Background Check Act of 2019 and the Enhanced Background Checks Act of 2019 to the Senate.
That changed this week.  The House of Representatives passed two, long overdue, bills that strengthen our background check system.  As a member of the Gun Violence Prevention Task Force,
For years, Congress has offered nothing but ‘thoughts and prayers’ when innocent civilians lost their lives to the gun violence epidemic that is plaguing our country.
Proud to reintroduce the Respect for Peace Corps Volunteers Act w/ my colleague @RepGarretGraves.  My full statement:
I am proud to stand with my colleagues in Congress to save lives by passing #HR8, the Bipartisan Background Checks Act. We can’t afford to make gun violence prevention a partisan issue, this is about American lives and the people demand action to #EndGunViolence.
I sat down with @Nfarvardin, President of @FollowStevens and  to talk about the importance of encouraging students to pursue a career in #STEM.
Today, at the @HouseBudgetDems hearing we discussed the countless amount of flaws of the #GOPTaxScam – middle class Americans are suffering, and we must ensure benefits of tax assistance goes to those who need it, not to line the pockets of the top 1%.
Yesterday, I voted for the most comprehensive conservation legislation in a decade. It permanently reauthorizes the Land and Water Conservation Fund, designates over 1 million acres of wilderness, and expands national parks. This is a major victory for our natural heritage.
Yesterday, the WHEM Subcommittee of @HouseForeign held its first hearing on the #humanitariancrisis in #Venezuela. Thanks, @MarcelaEscobari @SantiagoACanton @MoisesRendon for your testimony. #ElMundoEstaConVzla
This evening, the House of Representatives voted on a resolution that would terminate President Trump’s #NationalEmergencyDeclaration. See My full statement:
Sat down today with several law enforcement officers from #NJ to talk about the need for social security equal pay. I would like to thank Mr. Ellison for his service and dedication and wish him the best of luck on his next chapter, New Jersey will be sad to see you go.
Thank you to the members of NJ @AmericanLegion for sitting down with me today to discuss the important issues our #veterans are facing.
Sat down with the #NJ School Nutrition Association to discuss resources needed to ensure children are being served nutritious meals while at school. Over 650,000 #NJ children benefit from these nutrition programs daily.
I met with #AIPAC representatives from #NJ08 to discuss their concerns about the on-going conflict in the #MiddleEast.
STEM is critical to the progress of our country which is why last night I voted for H.R. 425, supporting veteran’s involvement in STEM education, computer science, and scientific research.
I am pleased to be a cosponsor of H.R. 276, which recognizes employees who demonstrate excellence beyond the classroom. Last night, H.R. 276 passed the House awaits action in the Senate.
The Cuban referendum does little more than affirm the Communist party’s stronghold on Cuban life. The Cuban government’s oppression of the opposition proves that their intentions were never for a free and transparent referendum. My Full Statement:
They and their families deserve our assistance- whenever they might need it. #Renew911VCF
I urge my colleagues to permanently fund the 9/11 Victim Compensation Fund. The heroes of 9/11, who put the lives of others before their own, are faced with long term illness and injuries as a direct result of their bravery.
RT @lecumberry: Legisladores demócratas @DWStweets @DebbieforFL @DonnaShalala @RepSires @SenatorMenendez se reúnen con la comunidad Venez…
RT @SenatorMenendez: Me complace estar en Florida en un día tan importante junto a @RepDWStweets, @RepShalala, @RepSires y @carlosvecchio.…
RT @carlosvecchio: Agradecido con el apoyo del senador @BobMenendezNJ y los representantes del congreso @DWStweets @RepSires @RepShalala e…
It was an honor to stand with my colleagues today and support the historic release of humanitarian aid for #Venezuela. #Maduro may continue to stomp on human rights, but the world will not abandon Venezuelans.    #23FAyudaHumanitaria
Thank you to my colleague @RepDWStweets for organizing this important event. Thanks to @RepShalala @SenatorMenendez and Ambassador @carlosvecchio for continuing to fight for the Venezuelan people. #23FAvalanchaHumanitaria
RT @RepShalala: It is an honor for me to be with our Venezuelan community on this important day with @RepDWStweets, @SenatorMenendez, @RepS…
Persecution over #freespeech is NOT democracy. 3 #Nicaraguan protesters received outrageous jail sentences as retribution for protesting an authoritarian government. This is another sign of #Ortega’s  continued crackdown on its opposition. #SOSNICARAGUA
The people of Venezuela are starving and in dire need of medical help. The humanitarian hub being set up in #Curaçao is vital to the livelihoods of the Venezuelan people. Thank you to Curaçao and the Kingdom of the Netherlands @NLintheUSA for their leadership.
The President's #FakeEmergency is an abuse of authority and takes resources from the military and other vital programs.  I am joining @JoaquinCastrotx as he introduces legislation to stop this power grab.
See my full statement and funding details here:
I am pleased that my colleagues were able to draft bipartisan, bicameral legislation that focused funding on priorities such as infrastructure, affordable housing, research and development, grants to address the opioid crisis, and community development.
Yesterday’s vote rejected @realDonaldTrump $5.7 billion wasteful border wall proposal, instead allocating money for key programs that impact daily life in our communities.
Last night, I voted in favor of a compromise bill that prevented another gov't shutdown and returned longer term stability to millions of families across the country. Hardworking Americans should never have to work without pay or face missed paychecks due to policy negotiations.
Today, I sat down with Chairwoman @KarinaSosa_2, a member of Parliament in #ElSalvador, to discuss #TPS and #DACA for Salvadoreans in the U.S. More than a million Salvadoreans reside in the U.S., many of whom went through great danger to come here in search for safety.
My Full statement:
Cuba forced doctors to work abroad while garnishing wages restricting movement. @RepShalala @MarioDB @RepRooney @RepJuanVargas @RepMichaelWaltz @RepDWStweets @RepDMP I are presenting res. condemning this as human trafficking. Cuba must be held accountable.
Today I met with the @LULAC  the largest and oldest Hispanic organization in the United States. We must protect those who receive #TPS and #DREAMers. . American children are suffering from trauma caused by our immigration system as it continues to tear American families apart.
Thank you to @ASCOA and @EricFarns for hosting today’s breakfast to discuss the crisis in Venezuela with @carlosvecchio. The country needs all of our support now more than ever. #ElMundoEstaConVzla
The nation stands with the resilient #Parkland community on this tragic anniversary. One year ago, 17 innocent lives were taken during a normal high school day. My heart is with the families of the victims and the survivors still recovering. #NeverAgain #MSDStrong
I spoke briefly with Elliott Abrams yesterday just before he testified at the @HouseForeign Hearing.
Yesterday, members of @HouseForeign and @HouseForeignGOP met with President @IvanDuque of #Colombia. President Duque shared his perspective on #Venezuela, peace agreements with FARC, and drug trafficking.
Yesterday, @SpeakerPelosi @RepDMP @RepDWStweets @RepShalala and I sat down with @carlosvecchio to further discuss the government transition in #Venezuela, free fair elections, and getting humanitarian aid to the people. #ElMundoEstaConVzla
Proud to cosponsor legislation which would provide much needed investments in our public schools, the Rebuild America’s Schools Act (HR 865).
Today, @HouseForeign held #Venezuela hearing to discuss political transition. Maduro has collapsed the economy and plunged millions of Venezuelans into poverty. We rise in support of free and fair elections NOW. #ElMundoEstaConVzla
I look forward to working with my colleagues to examine our nations fiscal policies ensure that American tax dollars are well spent. My full statement:
I am honored to announce that I have been appointed to serve on the @HouseBudgetDems Committee for the #116thCongress by @SpeakerPelosi.
The streets of #Caracas today were filled with hope for a democratic future in #Venezuela. With free and fair elections, Venezuela can march forward into the restoration of peace, human rights, and the rule of law. #ElMundoEstaConVzla
Representatives of @AFGENational, including constituents from Newark and North Bergen, met with me today to discuss the importance of protecting our unions and ensuring fair labor practices for federal employees.
Today, I met with Ecuadorian Ambassador Francisco Carrión, where we discussed bilateral relations between #Ecuador and the U.S. and the crisis in #Venezuela.
Sat down with community colleges from #NJ08 and throughout #NJ to discuss the importance of higher education and ways to make post-secondary education more accessible.
Representatives from the New Jersey Clean Cities Coalition and Transportation Energy Partners stopped in today to discuss the importance of clean #energy and #RNG.
Proud to reintroduce HR 1131 the Collaborative Academic Research Efforts (CARE) for Tourette Syndrome Act of 2019 w/@RepEliotEngel, @RepCohen, @RepAdamSchiff @RepRoKhanna. My statement:
I am concerned that Rep @IlhanMN would imply any Member who supports our ally Israel is incapable of resisting outside influences. My full statement:
#Maduro está bloqueando el acceso a alimentos y medicamentos, mientras que los niños están enfermos y tienen hambre. Me senté con @VOANoticias, para discutir la necesidad urgente de obtener ayuda humanitaria para el pueblo venezolano y aliviar su sufrimiento. #Venezuela
Spoke with Dr. Srdjan Darmanovic, Minister of Foreign Affairs of #Montenegro, about #NATO, #Russia, and Montenegro’s continued relationship with the U.S.
#Maduro is blocking access to food and medicine while children are sick and hungry. I sat down with the @VOANoticias, to discuss the urgent need get humanitarian assistance to the Venezuelan people and alleviate their suffering. #Venezuela
I would like to offer my sincerest condolences to @RepDebDingell and her family during this trying time. Congressman Dingell’s legacy will not be soon forgotten. My statement:
I look forward to continuing to defend animals and the environment as I work with my colleagues in the 116th Congress. Click here to find the full Humane Society scorecard:
Thank you to the @HSLF for giving me a 100% on their 2018 Humane Scorecard for my work on animal rights in the 115th Congress. I was proud to support legislation spanning the protection of domestic abuse survivors and their pets to enhancing federal animal abuse statutes.
Yesterday I was interviewed by @CNNEE to give my thoughts on the partial government shutdown, the ongoing crisis in #Venezuela, and the Trump Administration’s dangerous and divisive rhetoric about immigrants.
I support the Venezuelan people in their effort to restore democracy to their country and urge a Guaidó led transition to call for prompt elections that are free, fair, and transparent. My statement:
We must stand on the side of the Venezuelan people, which is why I have joined the international community in recognizing Juan Guaidó as the constitutionally legitimate Interim President of #Venezuela.
The political crisis in #Venezuela is a battle between dictatorship and democracy. #Maduro has created a society in which 90% of Venezuelans are living in poverty, and the people have demanded change.
Met with Anita Kober and Robert LaMorte, directors from @NJEA to discuss the need to invest in our public schools and keep our students safe.
Thank you, Rodrigo Masses, Chairman of the Puerto Rico Manufacturing Association and former Representative Jerry Weller, for stopping today to discuss tax policy the need to reconstruct sustainable energy infrastructure in #PuertoRico.
Attended this year's first @TransportDems hearing on the cost of not investing in infrastructure. I spoke on the importance of the #GatewayProject for the region and the country. We cannot afford to ignore Gateway any longer.
Proof that #Maduro is preventing much needed supplies from the Venezuelan people.
Venezuelans cannot feed their families or get the medicine they need, and Maduro is blocking aid for his people. Yesterday, I sat down with Charge de Affairs @carlosvecchio to discuss this heartbreaking crisis and the democratic paths to a solution. #ElMundoEstaConVzla
By the end of last year, #Peru was hosting 414,000 Venezuelans and remains a critical partner in solving this crisis. We must continue working together toward democracy and rule of law.  #ElMundoEstaConVzla
This afternoon, I sat down with Ambassador Hugo de Zela, Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs of #Peru, to discuss U.S.-Peru relations and how to best support the people of #Venezuela.
Today, I attended the @HouseForeign  hearing to focus on the current challenges in #Yemen.
We stand in support of Panama’s efforts to eradicate social inequality and to adopt sustainable development. VP Saint Malo and I also discussed our continued efforts to support the people of #Venezuela and their return to a true democracy. #ElMundoEstaConVzla
Earlier today, I had the honor of meeting @IsabelStMalo, first female VP of #Panama, to discuss a continued partnership between Panama and the United States.
The House passed my rail safety oversight bill today. HR543, which directs the @USDOTFRA to inform Congress whenever it is conducting a safety review of intercity or commuter rail transit agency, now heads to the Senate. My statement here:
While President Trump scorns undocumented workers, his businesses were built on their backs. My statement on the sadly unsurprising hypocrisy of Trump National Golf Clubs employing undocumented immigrants:
Looking ahead at tonight’s #SOTU, I remain skeptical that a leader who is so unreliable as a partner in government can deliver on promises and policies that are in the best interest of the nation. My statement:
Freedom of expression is a cornerstone of democracy and working to preserve freedom of speech and pushing back against those who seek to quiet their dissenters should be a top priority when engaging with our neighbors in the region.
Reports that the Maduro regime is detaining foreign journalists are alarming and just another example of how Maduro and his cronies trample on civil rights. #Venezuela
I am proud to join @RepShalala in introducing legislation to ban the export of arms and crime control materials to security forces in Venezuela. Full statement:
Head Start is essential to the progress early childhood care education across the country I will continue to advocate for support of this vital program.
Earlier today, members from North Hudson Community Action Corporation’s Head Start Program other state programs stopped by my office.
Joined @GovMurphy, @RepBonnie, and other members of the NJ delegation on an inspection of the Hudson River Tunnel. The #GatewayProject is critical to getting this century-old infrastructure repaired. I will keep working to make it happen.
I will fight to strengthen Social Security, I am proud to be an original cosponsor of Social Security 2100. #Secure2100
Sat down with Tim Hunt, Vice President and other members of the NJ chapter of the United Postmasters and Managers of America. We were able to discuss various matters including effort to ensure that the @USPS continues to serve all Americans.
Had the pleasure of meeting with Close Up students from the Simon Youth Academy of Elizabeth to discuss the importance of youth civic engagement and the important role young people play in our democracy.
I am honored to be selected by my peers as the new Chairman of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee for the 116th Congress. I look forward to working with our neighbors to promote peace, prosperity, security in the region. My statement:
The Hudson Tunnel Project is the most urgent infrastructure project in the country and Trump admin should advance it. Today, I led a letter with my NJ colleagues to @DOT asking that it eliminate redundancies and advance the Project. Full statement here:
I'm on my way to meet with @GovMurphy, @SenatorMenendez, @BillPascrell, and @RepDonaldPayne to inspect the damage on the Hudson River Tunnel and highlight the importance of the #GatewayProject.
On #HolocaustMemorialDay we honor all the victims who lost their lives to such senseless violence. #WeRemember the global sorrow that hate inflicted and condemn anti-Semitism along with bigotry and hate in all its forms.
The past 35 days have yielded only sorrow and frustration for hundreds of thousands of families across the country. Hard working Americans shouldn’t have their paychecks held to further policy negotiations.
While I’m happy that the shutdown has ended, short term CRs are not a responsible way to fund the federal government. We must ensure that all departments receive adequate funding so they can plan and execute vital work.
The shutdown is severely impacting our national airspace. Groundings at @LGAairport and severe delays at @EWRairport are signs that the system is breaking down. This shutdown needs to end. My full statement here:
I strongly urge the @Senatemajldr to get on board and work for the people – not just @PresidentTrump. H.R. 648 is bipartisan, bicameral legislation that improves border security while ensuring that Americans are paid for their work. It is time to end the #TrumpShutdown
This bipartisan compromise legislation was negotiated by members of the House and Senate last year and has funding for ports of entry security improvements, hiring additional immigration judges, and assistance in Cent. America to address root causes of migration.
H.R. 648, which passed by a vote of 234 to 180, provides funding for 8 of the shuttered government agencies and includes over $1.6 billion for border security measures.
Today House Democrats once again voted on a bill that will help reopen the government and #EndTheShutdown. For far too long American families have been held hostage and are facing serious financial problems because of the #TrumpShutdown
I hope that Mr. Guaidó can restore democratic institutions in the country and commit to protecting civil liberties and human rights for all. Read my full statement here:
Maduro’s authoritarian regime has devastated the Venezuelan people, who have long called for a return to democracy.
RT @brianschatz: They need paychecks, not food banks.
I stand in solidarity with the people of #Venezuela, #Maduro and his cronies must go and stop standing in the way of a return to democracy in #Venezuela. #22Ene See my full statement here:
On this day 61 years ago, the people of #Venezuela ousted an oppressive dictatorship and now they are rising up again. It is clear the socialist experiment in Venezuela has failed, leading #Maduro and his cronies to think only of themselves and their bank accounts.
I vow to work with my colleagues to combat prejudice and discrimination and fight for those who sacrifice themselves in service to our country.
This directive undermines the foundational values of our society and I am deeply concerned by any court rulings that could result in this ban being implemented.
The Administration’s ban prohibiting transgender individuals from military service is institutionalized discrimination.
On this #MLKDay we remember and honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. for his courageous acts to fight for freedom and justice.
#Cuba subverts justice and the #democracy of #Colombia by protecting those responsible for last week's bombing. ELN must return immediately. My statement:
I’m proud to introduce along with @BobbyScott, The Raise the Wage Act of 2019. The American people deserve to earn a living wage and I urge the House to pass this important legislation. See my full statement here:
Today marks 4 weeks since the federal government was fully funded. We need to reopen the government and ensure that federal workers across the country have financial security.  Enough is enough @senatemajldr hold a vote to end the #TrumpShutdown
Read my full statement here on the House of Representative’s vote disapproving of the Administration’s decision to rollback sanctions on companies associated with Oleg Deripaska, a Russian oligarch:
My thoughts today are with the loved ones of yesterday’s tragedy in #Bogota. Senseless, cowardly violence will not shake the strength of the people of #Colombia. Those responsible for this attack must be swiftly brought to justice.
Earlier today, I welcomed @USAIDMarkGreen to discuss the importance of continued engagement and investment in US interests in #WHEM.
I am pleased to introduce H.R. 543, this bill requires @USDOTFRA to provide Congress with notice when a safety audit is being conducted on an intercity or commuter rail transit agency that serves their district. See my full statement here:
Sat down with @CharlesARodrig2, to discuss the importance of #PuertoRico gaining #statehood and restoring Puerto Rico’s financial status.
I remind @senatemajldr that Congress is a separate and co-equal branch of government and therefore our actions should be based on the will of the American people, not just the will of one man at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
The House of Representatives is working every day to reopen the government because it is our duty to return stability to the 800,000 impacted federal employees, their children, their parents, their friends, and their communities.
To date, the House of Representatives has sent six shutdown related bills to the Senate and none of them have been taken up.
Another resolution that the House voted on, funding the Department of Homeland Security through February 8, 2019, passed the Senate just days before the shutdown began.
@senatemajldr claims none of the House’s resolutions are workable, yet a set of these resolutions, reopening six of the nine impacted agencies, passed in the Senate last year by a vote of 92-6.
Since the start of the 116th Congress, the House of Representatives has passed numerous bills that would end the government shutdown while the Senate has not voted on a single bill to reopen shuttered agencies.
Today is the 26th day of the partial government shutdown and it is long past time for the Senate to vote on reasonable legislation.
Today, it is my honor to serve as Speaker Pro Tempore on the House Floor and oversee the morning hour.
“Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.”- #MLK. Today we honor a true inspiration to the American people as we recognize his 90th birthday.
Their shameless discrimination and oppression of ethnic and religious minorities is a disgrace and I will continue to work with my colleagues in Congress to shine a light on these brutal tactics.
We must not allow #China to continue getting away with punishing innocent civilians.
Today I met with advocates to discuss the terrible #HumanRights abuses taking place at the hands of the Chinese government against the #Uighur population.  Millions of people are being unjustly imprisoned in concentration camps and having their basic rights violated.
It is important to conduct a census which is comprehensive and accurate. I will continue to work with my colleagues in advocating for the removal of a citizenship question from the 2020 Census.
I welcome the ruling of U.S. District Judge Jesse Furman blocking the Administration’s addition of a citizenship question to the 2020 Census. This question would discourage census participation which is used to calculate critical resources for states and communities.
As a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, I pledge to work diligently with my colleagues to determine if the President is negotiating away America’s security behind closed doors. The American people deserve to know the truth. My full statement here:
It is deeply troubling that President Trump has reportedly gone to great lengths to conceal the contents of his conversation with Vladimir Putin. This continues the President’s reckless trend of emboldening leaders that actively seek to undermine American national security.
I applaud the passage of this bill which provides critical resources to help some of the most vulnerable in our communities. It now awaits further action in the Senate.
Today, the House passed H.R. 430, the TANF Extension Act of 2019 which will temporarily extend much needed assistance to low income American families with children.
#Maduro continues his attempts to extinguish democracy from #Venezuela. I am grateful that Juan Gaudió is home safe and can continue to lift the oppressed voices of Venezuelans against this brutal regime. My statement:
Raising the rate which banks can devote to Small Business Investment Companies (SBIC) will accelerate American entrepreneurship – growing small businesses our local economies. More info can be found here:
Going to the @HouseFloor to vote on H.R. 116, the Investing in Main Street Act of 2019 – bipartisan legislation to increase capital investment in small businesses.
Please see my weekly Washington Review for a recap of what I focused on this past week in Congress:
I’m pleased that H.R. 266 passed by a vote of 240 to 179 on the House Floor. I call on @SenateMajLdr to take up the numerous bills passed by the House that would end this shutdown.
This bill would fund the Department of Interior and its agencies at last year’s funding level. This would reopen museums, put park rangers back to work, restart the EPA’s conservation work, and gives thousands of federal workers the pay they’ve earned.
Shutting down our parks, shuttering conservation programs, and keeping paychecks from the men and women who keep it all running is immoral. Today, the House is voting on H.R. 266, which would fund the Dept of Interior and all the agencies it oversees.
Large numbers of Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) staff have been furloughed, putting a stop to health enforcement activities and state grant allocations. Essential staff is still working on disaster response issues but they are working without pay.
The #TrumpShutdown has effectively shut down services at national parks and nearly 3/4ths of Interior Department staff furloughed raising the risk of visitors getting hurt and of misuse of the lands.
We have a responsibility to carry on this legacy of conservation for future generations – just as our predecessors did for us.
Our national parks are our natural heritage – decades of conservation work have made it possible for our generation to enjoy the bounty of our nation’s natural wonders.
I call on @SenateMajLdr to hold a vote on these, and other key appropriations bills so that we can end the #TrumpShutdown and restore order to the federal government.
These two pieces of legislation would open vital federal agencies and restore stability to thousands of families across the country which is why I just voted for them on the House Floor.  H.R. 265 passed by a vote of 243 to 183 and H.R. 267, passed by a vote of 244 to 180.
and stolen millions of dollars on the backs of the Venezuelan people. I stand firmly with the Venezuelan people and applaud our friends and neighbors in the region who will not recognize his presidency. See my full statement here:
#Maduro and his regime has run #Venezuela in the ground, and his inauguration is a complete sham and a slap in the face to the Venezuelan people. #Maduro has ordered his cronies to violently oppress the peaceful opposition
And the shutdown has threatened state highway and transit construction projects, many of which are funded by Congressional grants. Passing H.R. 267 keeps these projects running.
The National Transportation Safety Board, which is overseen by the Department of Transportation, has been forced to stop its work on thousands of safety investigations. H.R. 267 keeps puts this critical agency back to work on behalf of all Americans' safety.
Passing H.R. 267 puts these important agencies and workers back to work with the pay they earn for keeping our skies safe.
The shutdown has forced the FAA to suspend processing of pilot background checks, putting new pilot hires on hold. Our nation already has a shortage of qualified pilots.
Also, our nation's Air Traffic Control (ATC) operators, who keep our airspace orderly and safe, are working without pay and training of new ATC staff has been suspended.
Currently, the majority of Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) staff who work to certify aircraft safety have been furloughed.
H.R. 267 would reopen the Department of Transportation, restart safety and oversight programs currently on pause, and pay the Americans who keep us safe.
Currently, individuals trying to use a Federal Housing Administration loan to purchase a home are facing delays because of the staff shortages and the delays could grow the longer the agency is impacted by the shutdown.
By passing H.R. 267 we could ensure that these inspections resume and rent assistance programs receive funding – eliminating the risk of evictions due to lapse in coverage.
Thousands of people rely on rental assistance programs that are funded through HUD and the shutdown is unnecessarily putting these individuals at risk of eviction if it lasts long enough that previously appropriated money runs out.
95% of staff at the Department of Housing and Urban Development have been furloughed and health and safety inspections of housing for the elderly, disabled, and low-income families have been suspended.
H.R. 267 would fund key agencies under the Department of Transportation and the Department of Housing and Urban Development that have been drastically impacted by the #TrumpShutdown.
In addition, this bill would fund the Department of Agriculture – including conservation programs, food safety and inspection, agricultural research, as well as loan and grant programs to help farmers and the undeserved in rural areas across the country.
Also included in H.R. 265, is funding for the Food and Drug Administration, which during the #TrumpShutdown has stopped some of its routine food safety inspections due to forced furloughs.
Without additional funding, millions of families who rely on SNAP for basic nutrition will face extreme uncertainty as the Trump administration could not ensure that the benefits would continue if the #TrumpShutdown continues until March.
Under H.R. 265, $103 billion would be provided for domestic food assistance programs including the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children, and school breakfast and lunch programs.
These bills would reopen a number of departments impacted by the #TrumpShutdown and restore vital operations that millions of Americans rely on every day.  So let’s break down what is covered by each bill.
Today, the House of Representatives will be voting on two appropriations bills – H.R. 265, the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Act and H.R. 267, the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Act.
Great speaking with David Gutierrez, the Ambassador of Belize, I look forward to a continued relationship between the U.S. and Belize.
Going to the House Floor to vote on a bill that would reopen a portion of the government currently effected by the #TrumpShutdown.  By reopening the IRS we can ensure that Americans do not face significant delays in their tax refunds.
@RealDonaldTrump, you should help Americans manage their forests instead of keeping critical government assistance from them - and this tweet doesn’t change the fact that FEMA is one of the agencies shuttered thanks to the #TrumpShutdown
