This is good news for Franklin County, but there is still work to be done. That’s why, yesterday, @RepEliotEngel and I reintroduced the Quality Care for Moms and Babies Act which will codify high standards and metrics for infant and maternal care.
.@VFWHQ @OUHCOM @tsalliance
Appreciated the chance to meet with folks from across #OH15 and hear about the issues that matter to them. @BGCCAN @AllenInstitute @RockyGear
Great to see You-Turn hit this milestone. Community-based and creative solutions are essential to combatting the opioid epidemic. #OH15
#OnThisDay in 1872, Yellowstone became our nation’s first national park. #OH15 is home to Wayne National Forest, and protecting our public lands and waterways is important. That’s why, just this week, I voted for S.47, one of the biggest public lands bills passed by Congress yet.
Happy birthday to our great state. Ohio joined the Union on this day in 1803.
Appreciated the opportunity to visit the Columbus VA. We share many common goals including suicide prevention and stopping the misuse of opiate prescriptions among our veterans. We have a moral obligation as a nation to care for those who defend our country.
Last night, with @RepGonzalez, I reintroduced the bipartisan RAISE Act to put the 'flexibility' back in Flexible Spending Accounts and help families pay for out-of-pocket health care costs. Read more:
Appreciated spending time with Colonel Walter Betley. It was an honor to exchange stories and hear about his experiences through WWII, Korea, and Vietnam. A true American inspiration.
#OnThisDay in 1962, Ohio native John Glenn became the first American to successfully orbit the Earth. Today we remember this historic mission as well as the positive impact he made at @OhioState.
Deeply saddened to learn of the cowardly terrorist attack on an Indian Central Reserve Police Force in Kashmir yesterday. The United States stands firm with our Indian partners in condemning the #KashmirTerrorAttack. We must fight against terrorism in all of its forms.
Our economy is founded on ideas. If we want to be successful, we must protect those ideas. Glad to work with @ChrisCoons on the STRONGER Patents Act so that inventors have the certainty they need to create the next big thing. #PatentsMatter
ATTN VETERANS: I am hiring a Wounded Warrior Fellow to fill a Veterans Caseworker position in #OH15. The position is based in my Lancaster District Office. Click here for more info:
Honored to be joined by Maj. Gen. (ret.) Ashenhurst for tonight’s #SOTU. She is a tireless advocate for #OH15’s veterans. There are plenty of issues Congress disagrees on, but caring for our nation’s veterans isn’t one of them.
Thanks to @immivoice for sharing your perspective on high-skilled immigration. I hope you enjoyed your time in DC.
I trust that all parties are working in good faith, but the temporary nature of government funding allows time to verify that trust.
I support this compromise and it should be passed and enacted immediately. In addition to getting federal workers their back pay, it creates conditions that will spur action to secure our border, including with physical barriers where needed.
Today, @RepBeatty and I introduced 2 bills to fight veteran homelessness. They’ve risked their lives for us; this is part of the larger commitment we must make to our veterans.→ HOMeS Act: Homeless Veterans Legal Services Act:
Today, we remember the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. He left us with an important message on listening to one another and not vilifying each other, and of the importance of civility and compassion for all.
ATTN VETERANS: I am hiring a Wounded Warrior Fellow to fill a Veterans Caseworker position in #OH15. The position is based in my Lancaster District Office. Click here for more info:
Central Ohio federal workers and contractors: If you have been impacted by the shutdown, @RepBeatty, @Rep balderson, and I may be able to help. The OFIS Hotline is now live for constituents in #OH15, #OH3, and #OH12. Call 1-833-876-0937 for resources available.
To all the law enforcement officers who serve our communities in #OH15 and across the nation, thank you.
Wishing you and your family a healthy and happy 2019.
May today be a peaceful and joyful day spent with those you love. Merry Christmas.
Today, Congress sent a historic criminal justice reform bill to the President’s desk. The First Step Act will lead to brighter futures for those who have served their time and are ready to contribute to society and make our communities safer by investing in our law enforcement.
The 116th Congress is just around the corner.  What issue matters most to you? Take my survey:
#OnThisDay in 1903, #Ohio natives Orville and Wilbur Wright achieved the impossible as they took flight for the first time.
#OnThisDay in 1791, the United States adopted the Bill of Rights and guaranteed us the freedoms that make our nation great.
The students who earn the privilege of attending our nation's military academies represent some of the best and brightest. It's my honor to nominate students from #OH15 and I'm grateful for their decision to serve.
Happy birthday to the @NationalGuard. 382 years of being ready and there.
New market tax credits and #OpportunityZones can bring new partners into our communities that can make the long-term investments necessary to help them grow and thrive. Read more:
REMINDER: From now until December 14th, members of the #OH15 community can drop off new and unwrapped toys to be donated to the Marine’s Toys-For-Tots Foundation at any of my Ohio offices. Details here:
RT @Call_Me_Dutch: 1/2 I cofounded the bipartisan Municipal Finance Caucus to ensure communities have $$ they need to build hospitals, road…
Today, we remember a day that lives in infamy, and pause to honor the sacrifices made to protect our nation. #PearlHarbor
My prayers are with the Bradley-Krauss family today. Chris was a trusted voice in our Central Ohio community for many years. He will be missed.
One of the greatest honors I have as a Member of Congress is to nominate outstanding young people to our nation’s service academies. I’m grateful to have spent last night celebrating these students and their accomplishments, and know that they will represent #OH15 well next year.
To all those in #OH15 and around the world who begin the celebration of the Festival of Lights this evening, may you and your family find love, peace, and happiness.
My prayers are with the Bush family and friends.
Whether it was serving in the Navy in World War II, as CIA Director and UN Ambassador, or in the White House during the Cold War and Desert Storm, President Bush spent his life dedicated to advancing our country’s standing on the world state during challenging times.
Our country woke up this morning to the loss of a true American patriot. George H.W. Bush was the representation of what it means to be a servant leader.
#financialliteracy is important at every stage in life. Decisions made today can help set you up for success in the future.
I'm grateful to those who help the children in their neighborhoods, and hope that my bill, the Homeless Children and Youth Act, can become law to bring them into the light.
It's heartbreaking to think of the thousands of children who are living in the shadows of homelessness across #OH15.
Across #OH15, there are thousands of #smallbusinesses that are pillars of our community and the backbone of our economy. Today, on Small Business Saturday, I hope you’ll support them and #ShopSmall.
Great to see TBDBITL representing Ohio in #MacysDayParade. #BuckeyeForLife
As you all gather with your families and loved ones to celebrate Thanksgiving today, I would like to share a Stivers family tradition: A Thanksgiving Prayer. May each of you have a peaceful and happy holiday.
Entrepreneurs are willing to take risks to make their American Dreams a reality, all while benefitting our local economies and neighborhoods. I’m proud to support legislation that helps them pursue their next big idea, like the JOBS and Investor Confidence Act. #EntrepreneursDay
As we recognize #NationalAdoptionMonth, we thank those families who have opened their hearts and their homes, and raise awareness for the many children who are still in need.
RT @NICDInstitute: I hope you will join me in the effort to revive civility. By working to spread this message together in our homes, schoo…
By 2020, #pancreaticcancer is expected to become the second leading cause of cancer-related death in the U.S. I’m wearing purple today to raise awareness for lifesaving research. #PANCaware
Today, we recognize World Diabetes Day and the more than 30 million Americans who live with this chronic disease. Learn more from the CDC about state and local programs for #OH15 to support those with diabetes:
Great to see the @NationalVMM receive the national attention it deserves. This is a museum and memorial unlike any other, and with over half of the U.S. population within an eight-hour drive, it truly is a national destination.
Great news for Wilmington and Clinton County! Amazon made the right decision to invest in the #OH15 community.
Happy Veterans Day to veterans in #OH15 and across the country.
Today, we honor the service and sacrifice of all of our nation’s veterans. This year being the 100th Anniversary of the Armistice, we also honor all of those who fought until the 11th hour, on the 11th day, of the 11th month.
Happy Birthday to the @USMC. Thank you for all you do to keep our nation safe on land, sea, and air.
PSA: Medicare’s Open Enrollment Period goes until December 7th.  If you are looking for a Medicare Advantage or Part D plan for 2019, now is the time.  For more information, click here:
Honored to participate in the Inaugural Campus Flag Event at @OhioState today, kicking off a week-long celebration of military students and families.
November is Military Family Month, and I want to thank all of the families in #OH15 and across the country who stand behind the men and women who stand for us.  Your sacrifices are not unnoticed.
November is National Alzheimer’s Disease Awareness Month and National Family Caregivers Month.  As co-chair of the Biomedical Research Caucus, I will continue to support funding for medical research so we can find a cure to #EndAlz.
It’s #NationalOhioDay, and I’ll take any reason to talk about the Buckeye State and how proud I am to help represent OH-15.  Ohio is a wonderful place to live, work, raise a family, and achieve the American Dream.
Congressman Steve King’s recent comments, actions, and retweets are completely inappropriate. We must stand up against white supremacy and hate in all forms, and I strongly condemn this behavior.
I was appalled to hear about the abhorrent mass shooting at the Tree of Life Synagogue yesterday. As a veteran, I have fought overseas to defend our First Amendments rights, which includes the freedom of religion. Anti-Semitism is inexcusable in this country, and everywhere.
I want to thank the law enforcement officers and postal workers who have worked to prevent these bombs from being delivered and detonated. I look forward to learning more as authorities have now taken a suspect into custody.
With these threats and acts of violence, we have truly seen incivility at its worst this week. We must not let our political disagreements get to a point of violence.
This is not a complicated or partisan issue: whether it happens to Republicans on a baseball field, or to President Obama’s family, violence is absolutely unacceptable.
The National Veterans Memorial and Museum opens Saturday. Honored to have been a part of this project, and thrilled that people from Central Ohio and across the country will finally be able to visit and remember the sacrifice and service of our veterans.
We must unite as a nation, and not allow political or policy disagreements to lead to violence.
This year, @RepBeatty and I wanted to show that you can disagree without being disagreeable and that violence CANNOT be the answer, which led to the creation of the Civility and Respect Caucus.
The end result of incivility is violence, and that is exactly what we are seeing today with multiple bomb threats.
Welcome home to @honorflightcmh Mission 92. I hope you enjoyed seeing your monuments in Washington, D.C. this weekend. Thank you for all you have done for our nation.
Honored to be a part of the unveiling of the KC-135 simulator at Rickenbacker. This will provide our troops the essential training they need right at home.
Thank you to the local chambers of commerce across #OH15 for taking care of business and helping entrepreneurs and business owners reach their potential. #SupportYourLocalChamber
A strong educational foundation starts from the very beginning, and we must ensure that every child - regardless of zip code or household income - has that opportunity. Read more about my efforts in support of Head Start here:
This week is recognized as National Foodbank Week, and I want to take the opportunity to thank the organizations throughout Central Ohio, like @Mid_OHFoodbank and @SE_Ohio_FB who work tirelessly to help our neighbors in #OH15.
Happy birthday to the @USNavy. Protecting our seas for 242 years.
On #NationalFarmersDay, I want to thank all of the amazing, hard-working farmers across #OH15 and the country.
Great news for the @ColumbusCrewSC! An important part of our Central Ohio community. #SaveTheCrew
We cannot tolerate this behavior, and if the facts show Saudi Arabia was responsible, I would support a response.
Freedom of the press is pivotal to our democracy in the United States, and I have fought overseas to defend it. Recent reports about the apparent murder of Washington Post journalist Jamal Khashoggi are tragic and extremely concerning.
Appreciated the chance to visit Contraxx Furniture. Mike and his team manufacture custom furniture for hotels all around the world, but their roots are right here in McConnelsville. A great example of #smallbusiness in #OH15.
Spent an awesome morning with the Morgan East second graders in McConnelsville. We talked about my job in Washington how a bill becomes a law.
1 in 5 children live with a mental illness, but many suffer in silence because of the stigma around mental health. Grateful to @nationwidekids for bringing attention to this issue and helping to start conversations with the #OnOurSleeves campaign.
Fairfield County had a wonderful kick off of their 168th County Fair yesterday. A great way to close out the season in #OH15.
October 5th is National #ManufacturingDay. To all those who help make the products we use everyday, thank you.
I'm incredibly proud of everyone who has made Project FORT a reality, and was honored to help secure a $500,000 grant for their efforts. This will save lives in #OH15. To learn more, click here:
It was wonderful to be a part of Sofidel’s grand opening in Circleville today. A huge thanks to all who have made this possible. I’m excited to see the positive effects this investment has in Pickaway County and across #OH15.
As co-chair of the @FinLitCaucus, I believe financial planning is essential at every stage of life. This week, take some time to consider your finances, and for tips and resources on financial skills, click here:
The STOP School Violence Act will make a difference for Ohio’s classrooms. Together with @RepBeatty, the rest of the Ohio Delegation, and @sandyhook, we were able to secure $700,000 to provide critical resources for students and teachers.
According to @HarvardBiz, 80% of workers who experience incivility on the job lost productivity worrying about the incident. Civility matters for office culture and the company’s bottom line.Thanks to @L_Brands for hosting @RepBeatty and me to discuss ways to #ReviveCivility.
I was proud to support this legislation, and hope we can use this time to find a permanent solution to provide long-term reauthorization to programs like the Violence Against Women Act.
Moreover, this legislation fully funds our nation’s defense, increases our military readiness, dedicates nearly $7 billion to combat the opioid epidemic, and provides important funding for medical research, education, and job training.
Today, the House voted to keep the government open, extend the Violence Against Women Act, and provide critical resources to help the victims of Hurricane Florence.
Where will your curiosity lead you? Saturday is #MuseumDay and a great opportunity to learn something new at institutions across Ohio, like the National Barber Museum in #OH15. Get your ticket here:
Thanks to all the educators, administrators, and law enforcement officials for their input during my second School Safety Summit. Keeping our kids safe is a collaborative effort, and by sharing ideas and successes we can ensure our kids have a safe learning environment.
To all those who celebrated Yom Kippur, I hope that you experienced a reflective and meaningful fast. G’Mar Chatima Tova.
Not only is #Ohio the 16th highest producer of agriculture products in the country, but institutions like @OhioState make sure that our state is the truly the future of agriculture.  Glad to be a part of this year’s Farm Science Review. Photos: @OSUPrezDrake
#OnThisDay in 1787, the Constitution was signed in Philadelphia. #ConstitutionDay
PSA for folks in Fairfield County: @OhioMeansJobs is hosting a #job fair two weeks from today.
Great news! Buckeye Lake construction is almost finished. Proud to have been a part of this project and excited about the continued investment. It's a boost for #OH15's economy and will give families happy memories for years to come. Fred Squillante
Great spending 9/11 with some local heroes in #OH15 at the @LancasterOHFD. Appreciated hearing from them about the issues they see while serving our community.
Today, we remember all those who lost their lives on 9/11, their families, and the brave first responders who answered the call on that fateful day. #NeverForget
My bipartisan legislation I introduced with @RepMarkTakano has been signed into law to help newly hired veterans in frontline medical positions at the VA receive the care they need. Read more here -&gt;
It was great to meet Patrick Klein, the Executive Director of @The_iBELIEVE. This organization is doing amazing things to empower youth in #OH15 and throughout Appalachia with leadership skills and confidence. Thanks for all that you do, Patrick.
In honor of #ReadABookDay, here is my current favorite read: Treating People Well by former Bush and Obama Administration social secretaries @Americas_Table and @JeremyMBernard. It’s an important perspective when it comes to the effort to #ReviveCivility.
As a member of the @OHNationalGuard, I’m extremely lucky to see the incredible strength of military spouses every day. Thanks to @the_USO for giving us the opportunity to show our gratitude for their daily sacrifices today.
Kicked off National Recovery Month with a tour and update on the Appalachian Recovery Center Project at the former Hocking Correctional Facility. The partnerships at work here have the potential to turn this into a model of wrap-around recovery for #OH15, Ohio, and the nation.
Had a great morning with Hastings Middle School at the 10th Annual HOP Day. Love seeing these young folks’ excitement for serving their #OH15 community today.
It was great to be a part of the grand opening of the new AmeriSource Bergen/ICS distribution center. Their continued partnership with Central Ohio is beneficial to patients around the country and to our local economy.
Appreciated the chance to talk with Niharika and Anjan about the importance of high-skilled immigration. Thank you for sharing your perspective with me.
REMINDER: My Veterans’ Job and Resource Fair is TODAY from 2-5 PM at Rev1 Ventures (1275 Kinnear Rd., Columbus, OH 43212)For information on participating organizations, click here:
John McCain was the embodiment of honor and service. He was a hero and a role model to me and I will miss him dearly.
As the co-chair of the Biomedical Research Caucus, I’m committed to making sure folks with T1D have access to the best treatments possible, and hearing your stories just shows what a difference those breakthroughs can make.
It was great meeting with some of the younger constituents from #OH15 to learn more about their experiences with #t1d.
Attention veterans: I am hosting a Veterans' Job and Resource Fair to bring organizations offering federal, state, local, and nonprofit resources, as well as job opportunities for our veterans, together all in one place. For more information:
Thanks to all who participated in my 6th Annual Opiate and Addiction Roundtable today. Each year, this roundtable gives me the opportunity to hear from those working on the frontlines of the epidemic so that we can work together on legislative solutions.
Continuously impressed by all those who graduate from Judge Moses’ Vivitrol Court in Hocking County. Grateful to have him as a partner in combatting the opioid epidemic in #OH15.
It’s right there in the name: Flexible Spending Accounts should be flexible.Click here to read more about my bill to give you the flexibility you need for your family’s health care:
ICYMI: With the STOP School Violence Act signed into law, schools can now access resources they need to keep their students safe.Grateful to have the support of my Ohio delegation colleagues as we fight to ensure our state can prevent violence in its classrooms.
If you, or a veteran you know, needs assistance acquiring a military award you believe you’ve earned, my office may be able to help. You can call my Lancaster office at (740) 654-2654.
#OnThisDay in 1782, General George Washington created the “Badge for Military Merit,” known today as the Purple Heart. To the veterans in #OH15 and across the country who have earned this prestigious award - thank you.
Two is better than one! In honor of #NationalTwinDay over the weekend, here is one of me and my brother Alan.
Happy birthday to the @USCG! Thank you for keeping our shores safe for 228 years.
These improvements will support and sustain Vinton County’s only grocery store into the future - ensuring Vinton County residents will continue to have convenient access to fresh fruits, vegetables, and meat.
ICYMI: Exciting news for Vinton County and #OH15. This $500,000 infrastructure investment will provide increased access to a new commercial development area.
If you, or someone you know, is interested in our internship program in Washington, D.C. or the district offices, click here for more information: We’re currently accepting applications for the fall semester.
A huge ‘thank you’ to our summer interns. They’ve been a tremendous help for #OH15, and I enjoyed getting to know them and hear about the policy they’re interested in.
August 1st is #StartUpDay across America, which celebrates the ingenuity and passion of entrepreneurs in #OH15 and around the country. I’m glad that the House passed the JOBS And Investor Confidence Act last month so that we can support those #smallbusiness owners.
There are plenty of examples of incivility, but I'm glad so many of my colleagues are committed to being positive examples of civility.  Thanks to @RepBeatty and the @NICDInstitute for helping to host a successful workshop last week.
The economy is growing at the fastest pace since 2014. It’s #BetterOffNow.
It’s time to bring the millions of homeless children living in the shadows into the light. JUST NOW: @FinancialCmte passed my bill, the Homeless Children and Youth Act.
Pastor Brunson is a loving and compassionate leader and father. To claim that he is a criminal or terrorist of any form is absurd. I hope to see him return to his family as soon as possible.
You’re not wrong, Corey. #BuckeyeForLifeIf you missed @CBSSunday, you can watch here:
Just because we can't solve the problem overnight, doesn't mean we shouldn't try. Tune into @CBSSunday to hear more about our efforts to #ReviveCivility
JUST NOW: The JOBS and Investor Confidence Act was passed with overwhelming #bipartisan support.#SmallBusiness is the backbone of our economy, and I'm glad that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have moved to unleash the potential on Main Street.
We must be absolutely clear: Vladimir Putin is not our friend and cannot be trusted. Russia’s behavior during the 2016 elections was reprehensible, and we must hold them accountable for interfering in our democratic system.
It’s stories like this that make me proud to be a #BuckeyeForLife. Narongsak’s commitment to the Thai soccer team is inspiring.
We don’t agree on everything, but we know that the conversation alone makes us better. Proud to have @RepBeatty as my partner in our efforts to #ReviveCivility.#NationalDayofCivility
I had the chance to tour the Transportation Research Center last year; they are keeping Ohio on the cutting edge of technology and I’m excited to see all that the Smart Center brings to the region.
RT @VoiceOhioKids: We agree! Special thanks to @RepSteveStivers @senrobportman for your leadership in introducing companion legislation…
I hope everyone in #OH15 has a safe and happy #4thOfJuly. And to those who have served to protect the freedom we celebrate today, thank you.
Between the top-rated universities and our dedicated businesses, it’s clear that #OH15 is ready to “Reach High.” Check out this collaboration between @OhioU and @NASA:
It’s been an honor to co-chair the #CongressionalArtCompetition with @RepBeatty this year, and great to see the winners from all over the country visit the Capitol this week to see their artwork displayed on the walls. A special congratulations to #OH15’s winner, Sarah Karns!
This is Logan. We had a great discussion about Batman this morning, as well as the important work @nationwidekids does for kids like him. We must keep working to find common sense solutions to make health care accessible and affordable.
The numbers don't lie - #taxreform is working in #OH15 and across the country.
JUST NOW: The bill I introduced with @RepBeatty to designate the “National Veterans Memorial and Museum” was signed into law.  Americans from all over the country will be able to come to Ohio to honor and remember the sacrifice and service of our veterans.
RT @conginst: #Civility in Congress isn't gone yet. ICYMI, here's what @RepSteveStivers, @RepBeatty are doing to promote it, via @thehill:…
#HappyFathersDay to all of the dads in #OH15, and especially to my dad for all he did for me and our family.
The #opioidcrisis doesn’t discriminate by age, socioeconomic status, and definitely not by political affiliation. Proud that the House worked together to pass 27 #bipartisan bills to fight the epidemic this week. Read more:
Celebrating friendship, civility, and the Great American Pastime tonight at the #CongressionalBaseballGame.
RT @SteveScalise: It's more than a game.
A decade has passed, but our friendship is the same. Proud to work with @RepBeatty to #ReviveCivility. #tbt Read more about our efforts
ICYMI: Yesterday, the House passed HR 5272, my bipartisan bill to make sure that treatment actually works for those trying to beat addiction.Too many people have been let down by treatment that doesn't work. It's time to help them get their lives
JUST NOW: the House passed HR 5272, a bill I introduced with @RepEliotEngel to make sure that those seeking to overcome substance use disorder receive evidence-based
It was an honor to help welcome Mr. Jordy Mason to the ranks of Eagle Scouts this weekend. Congratulations, Jordy, and thanks for all you’ve done to help improve #OH15.
Great to sit down with Matt Habash, president of @Mid_OHFoodbank. By providing access to healthy food, they improve the health and lives of thousands of people in #OH15.
Great spending time with the Capriccio Youth Singers from #Ohio. Good luck in all of your concerts this weekend!
No child should ever be without a home. My bill, the Homeless Children Youth Act, will bring those who are invisibly homeless into the light so that they can access the resources they need. Thanks to @FinancialCmte for hosting yesterday’s hearing.
JUST NOW: The bill that @RepBeatty and I introduced to officially designate the National Veterans Memorial and Museum has passed the Senate and is headed to the President’s desk.
Appreciated hearing from superintendents and law enforcement from across #OH15 about issues they face when it comes to school safety. The main takeaway is the need for flexibility in solutions so that urban, suburban, and rural schools can do what is best for their communities.
Lots of great connections have already been made, and we're just getting started! The Job Fair goes until 4 PM, come on by.
Today’s the day - the 8th Annual Job Fair is from 10 AM to 4 PM at 2200 Fred Taylor Drive, Columbus. Over 80 employers with thousands of open positions. Admission and parking are free.
PSA: Ohioans enrolled in Medicare will be receiving new Medicare cards in the mail over the next couple of months. Here’s what you need to know:
It’s a great time to be a job seeker in Central Ohio. If you’re looking for a job, my 8th Annual Job Fair is this Friday, June 1st, from 10 AM - 4 PM at the 4H Center on OSU’s campus. Admission and parking are free.
Thanks to #TaxReform, parents now have more flexibility for their children's education through the 529 Plan expansion. It's 5/29, so take time to learn how these plans can help your family. #529Day
Today, and every day, we honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our nation, and we remember the families who love them. Wishing everyone a peaceful and reflective Memorial Day.
Yesterday, I had the chance to testify in the Veterans Affairs Committee on three of my bills that seek to improve mental health care, housing, and employment for our veterans as they transition between military and civilian life. Watch here:
Afghan and Iraqi citizens put their lives on the line for our nation; providing extra consideration for these allies trying to come to the U.S. is the least we can do.
ICYMI: Last week,@RepKinzinger, @repblumenauer, @sethmoulton and I reintroduced legislation to expand the Special Immigrant Visa Program.
Excited that construction is underway at the new Thomas Ewing Junior High in Lancaster. The new building will be a huge asset for #OH15 and its students.
Appreciated the chance to discuss  projects in #OH15 and Central Ohio with @RepBeatty at @RickIntlAirport as part of #InfrastructureWeek2018. Infrastructure is essential to keeping our region moving and growing. #TimetoBuild
Stop #4 of the Civility Tour at @ColsSchForGirls with @RepBeatty this morning. Glad to see more students taking the pledge to #ReviveCivility.
Happy Mother's Day to my amazing mom, Carol. I wouldn't be who I am without you.And Happy Mother’s Day to my incredible wife, Karen.  She’s a great mom to Sarah and Sam.
RT @USArmy: Happy birthday to Richard Overton.  He turns 112 years young today and is America's oldest living man and the world's oldest li…
Since coming to Congress, my top priority has been jobs for Ohioans. That's why I host an annual job fair.  This year's fair is on Friday, June 1st from 10 AM to 4 PM at the 4-H Center on Ohio State's campus. Admission and parking are free. More here:
The opioid crisis does not discriminate based on geography, economic status or age, which means there are many special populations that need help to overcome it. Grateful to see Heartland High School filling an important role in our Central Ohio community.
RT @Bearsread: Thank you @RepSteveStivers and @RepBeatty for the donation to the @ua_highschool library!  Free books are the best #restorec…
Growing up as the son and grandson of three teachers, I saw firsthand the compassion and dedication of educators. On #TeacherAppreciationDay, I want to thank all of the teachers in #OH15 who give so much to prepare our children.
Always great to spend time with the @JMSBears and @HMSBears. Thanks for your thoughtful questions, and I hope you enjoyed your trip.
Excited to welcome the National Barber Museum back to Canal Winchester. It's unique experiences like this one that make #OH15 a great community.
Congratulations to the winners of the 2018 Congressional Art Competition. #OH15 has so many talented young artists, and this is a fantastic way to highlight their skills.
Great afternoon at @ua_highschool with @RepBeatty discussing civility and respect. Over 700 students took the pledge to strive to disagree without being disagreeable and work to #ReviveCivility.
Congratulations to the Lancaster High School Culinary Team who took home First Place in their statewide competition yesterday. From the floor plan to the food, they designed their own restaurant from the ground up. I know they'll represent #OH15 well in the national competition.
In honor of the National Week of Conversation, the co-chairs of the Civility and Respect Caucus, the Honor and Civility Caucus, and the Civility Caucus are forming a new collaboration to show that it's possible to disagree without being disagreeable.
I appreciated the chance to sit down with @SenSherrodBrown, @RepBeatty, and @SenRobPortman to discuss the issues facing Central Ohio and ways to #ReviveCivility. #NWOC
I was honored to have the Wielezynski family join me from #OH15 for President Macron's address. Their commitment to honoring veterans who were a part of D-Day is a strong reminder of the lasting relationship between France and the U.S.
Do you know a high school student who is considering attending a service academy?There is an informational seminar TOMORROW, hosted by staff from Ohio Congressional offices. Thursday, April 266-8 PMEast High School1500 E. Broad StreetColumbus, OH 43205
The 2018 Congressional Art Competition is underway, and we have some incredible young artists in #OH15. Head to my Facebook page to vote for the "People's Choice" Award. The piece of art with the most likes will be displayed in my district office.
RT @USArmyReserve: Celebrating 110 years of service. #USARBirthday110
@SocialSecurity Get your questions ready and RSVP here: sign up to get a reminder here:
It's #FinancialLiteracyMonth, and it's also #SocialSecurityMonth - what better time to think about your financial future?TONIGHT AT 7 PM, join @SocialSecurity on Facebook Live to learn about the tools available to help take control of your social security.
Faithfully serving alongside her husband, Barbara Bush championed literacy and was the embodiment of what it means to be devoted to your family. My condolences are with the entire Bush family during this difficult time.
Tonight, we mourn the loss of a former First Lady who was a true leader and role model for our country.
As a former chemical officer in the U.S. Army, I recognize the true horror of these weapons. We must make it crystal clear that the use of chemical weapons against civilians will not be tolerated.
Tonight, America acted with our allies and demonstrated our commitment to preventing further violence against innocent men, women, and children.
Thanks to the @Glenn_college students for their thoughtful questions and good discussion.  I hope you all enjoy your visit. #BuckeyeForLife
Financial literacy is important at every age. Thanks to @NatlJumpStart, my @FinLitCaucus co-chair @RepBeatty, and everyone involved in #FLHillDay2018.
#NationalPetDay is special for many of our veterans, like Butch from #OH15, and his service dog, Stella. Passing the Veterans Dog Training Therapy Act will help more vets like Butch. 
RT @COHHIO: Thank you @RepSteveStivers for your vote for housing in FY18 appropriations bill support for rental assistance, homeless gran…
Welcome home to all the veterans who visited Washington, DC with @honorflightcmh this weekend. I hope you enjoyed your trip and the chance to see your memorials.
