
Earlier this week, I joined several of my colleagues for a briefing at the Pentagon with acting @DepSecDef and other top military leaders. Our military operates at the highest level and their dedication to defending our freedom is outstanding.
It was an honor to meet with some constituents representing the @DAVHQ yesterday. Thank you for taking the time to come speak with me, and thank you for your sacrifice for our country.
RT @housebudgetGOP: At tomorrow’s hearing on the Tax Cuts Jobs Act, we’ll hear from Lana Pol, a small business owner who was able to use…
This weekend, I presented Deacon Leroy Richardson Sr. with the Congressional Gold Medal for his service during World War II. Thank you for your sacrifice for our country!
As a new member of the House Education and Labor Committee, it is important to get out and speak with the educators and students in our community. This week, I met with many educators and students in District 4. Thank you all for taking the time to meet with me!
RT @MaryNellAnthony: Having our students meet and share worth our students (and seek their input!). Thanks for the visit @reptimmons
RT @WadeHampton_HS: Thank you @reptimmons for stopping by Wade Hampton today! We enjoyed showing off our robotics program, US History class…
My Washington office will be closed today due to winter weather.  You can still reach us in Spartanburg at 864-583-3264 or in Greenville at 864-241-0175.
I am excited to get to work on the Education and Labor Commitee, the Budget Committee, and the new Select Committee on the Modernization of Congress.
I am excited to meet with students and educators in Greenville and Spartanburg this week. Here are more details about my
Last night, the House held a vote on a hotly debated government funding package. I voted no, and here’s
The team is still reading the final text of the appropriations bill. We are voting soon!
It was wonderful to meet with Rachel Lewis, her mom, and representatives from the @sosouthcarolina this week. I asked Rachel if she would be interested in joining our team as an intern, and I am pleased to say she accepted.  Welcome to the team, Rachel!
RT @RepJeffDuncan: Recently sent a letter to CMS w/ Members of the SC delegation in the House to show support for Governor McMaster’s reque…
RT @Lebeaucarnews: BMW’s two new models, (X3 M and X4 M) along with the seven other models built at BMW’s sole U.S. plant means the plant w…
Thank you to @GoUpstate for publishing my op-ed in the latest for the fight for life.
I want to commend the members of the House Oversight Committee for their work on several bills that came to the floor tonight that I was proud to support: 
As a member of the House Budget Committee, I was proud to introduce the No Budget, No Recess Act with my colleagues today. If we cannot fulfill one of the most basic requirements of our job, then we should not be allowed to go home.
It was great to see Will Bragdon from Greenville at the National Prayer Breakfast this morning. We are blessed to live in a country that allows us to worship freely.
Thank you, Mr. President, for making the call for unity. I heard it loud and clear. #SOTU
RT @HouseGOP: .@reptimmons is the newest GOP member from the Palmetto state --&gt;
Looking forward to attending my first #SOTU tonight. I hope @POTUS will continue to deliver a bold vision for our country and offer solutions to the crisis at our border. You can watch the #SOTU tonight at 9:00pm here:
Beneth Jones was a wonderful leader in our community. My deepest condolences to the Jones Family and the @BJUedu community. 
It was a very productive day which included attending my first hearing as a member of the Budget Committee and visiting with many folks from back home.  See more about today here
Last week, I was proud to cosponsor my first bills as a member of Congress.  Read more about them here:
RT @RepMarkMeadows: Democrats decry federal workers not getting paid in one breath and then cancel votes to leave town early in another. Ri…
RT @GReschenthaler: We at @HouseGOP voted again this week to retroactively pay federal workers impacted by the shutdown. Democrats only wan…
@AdamDLutz We would be happy to set you up with a tour of the Capitol tomorrow. Please call my chief of staff, Moutray, at 202 494 5824.
Thank you for standing with us, @POTUS.
My team will be hosting an open house in our Washington office - 313 Cannon House Office Building - on Friday for anyone from SC-04 attending the #MarchforLife. Our doors will be open until 5:00 pm. Would love to have you!
@RepRalphNorman @RepRalphNorman sign me up! #noworknopay
Met with Acting White House Chief of Staff Mick Mulvaney this morning.      Read more about it here:
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congratulations to a truly great football team, the Clemson Tigers, on an incredible win last night against a powerful…
RT @LaDonnaRyggs: Listening to our new Congressman William Timmons speak about policies. "The Constitution  is the Constitution. We don't n…
For any questions, please contact my District Director, Hope Blackley, at 864-404-7388. We hope to see you there!2/2
Please join my staff and me for our official district office openings tomorrow, January 7. We will be opening the Greenville office (104 S. Main St., Greenville, SC 29601) at 10:00am and the Spartanburg office (101 West St. John St. Spartanburg, SC 29306) at 3:00pm.1/2
@syllestedavis Thank you @syllestedavis
@LinBennett Thank you @LinBennett
I was sworn in today as a member of the 116th Congress representing South Carolina’s fourth district.  I was joined by my family for a ceremony in the U.S. Capitol. It is a privilege to serve.
RT @jslovegrove: All of the senior staff members that @reptimmons just announced are from South Carolina and have prior experience with the…
