The GM Lordstown closure has heartbroken our community. But we've been knocked down before, we always get up, and all we need is an opportunity. #SaveLordstown #driveithome
It’s far past time we put the power of our democracy back in the hands of the American people. This isn’t a partisan issue. We’re sent here by them, and our work should reflect that. That’s why I’m proud to support #HR1, and I urge the Senate to do the same.
I’m joining the entire Northeast Ohio community today by wearing true blue. I stand in solidarity with GM workers, their families, and the Mahoning Valley. I’m not giving up, and neither should you. #SaveLordstown
Mindfulness, yoga, and other wellness practices are helping our veterans every day. Congress must do more to ensure they have the tools and resources needed to stay strong and heal.
Stunning that the Department of Veterans Affairs has 49,000 unfilled positions. 43,000 in VA health care. It's an appalling number when we have 20+ suicides a day.
Thank you to Dr. Carla Hayden @LibnOfCongress and Karen Keninger, Director of the National Library Service for the Blind Physically Handicapped, for your testimonies today. The @librarycongress is an incredible asset to people across the US and around the world.
Happening now ️
I'm fighting for people like Stephen and his family. The closing of GM Lordstown has affected too many people. They deserve better.
Our workers have invested their entire lives to GM. They've stood by them at their lowest point, and always had their back. It's time GM does the same.
Two weeks ago, I introduced the WORKER Act. This ‘GI Bill for American Workers’ focuses on workforce development and supporting the American worker by addressing jobs, wage stagnation, and continued layoffs as a result of outsourcing and automation.
Last week, I urged @realDonaldTrump to fund an important Department of Energy program that would help GM Lordstown. I will keep advocating for that.
But many more still have hope. We must keep pushing. I am still focused on working with Mary Barra, President Trump, and Ohio leaders to bring a new product to Lordstown. I'm not giving up, and neither should you.
Since 1966, GM Lordstown has been a pillar in our community. Generations of Northeast Ohioans have worked at this facility and have dedicated their lives to making the best quality cars. But today, GM Lordstown is closing. Our community is devastated. Thousands are heartbroken.
It was great meeting you, Ethaniel. Loved being with the Rough Riders today. Let's show courage and win the future! #BeBrave
Thanks for having me, Coach Seth. Keep up the great work. You are raising amazing kids! #BeBrave
TransDigm is price gouging the federal government, and we need to put an end to it. Congress cannot allow government contractors to take advantage of the taxpayers. I'm proud to join @SenWarren and @RepRoKhanna in calling out this abuse.
Well this is a first - signing Crocs. I had to share.
Today, I spoke with juniors and seniors at Theodore Roosevelt High School. One student, Steve, talked to me about how his family has to move and leave everything behind because of the GM Lordstown closure. This is the real impact. And this is why we can’t give up.
This is not good. Inaction around climate change is no longer an option.
This is heartbreaking. Praying for the lives lost, their families, first responders, and everyone impacted by the tornadoes in Alabama.
I've urged @realDonaldTrump to help Lordstown by funding an important manufacturing conversion program. The President promised he would bring manufacturing jobs back to my district, and this program would be a strong first step in that direction.
Loved being with my friends in Newton Falls last night. Let's make it happen!
RT @RepWalberg: As we approach Great Lakes Week, I'm pleased to work with @RepTimRyan on bipartisan legislation to strengthen efforts to pr…
March 1, 1803. 17th State. 216 years young and still going strong. Happy Birthday Ohio! O-H!Here's a throwback featuring your Ohio Democratic reps: @RepBeatty, @RepMarcyKaptur, @RepMarciaFudge, and me.
As a member of the Defense Subcommittee, I'm outraged that TransDigm has been price gouging the DOD. I will continue to root out waste, fraud, and abuse that cheats taxpayers and harms our military preparedness.
RT @iupatdc6: If you are from the Youngstown/Girard area and are looking for a new career or career advancement come out and see us. @RepTi…
Who Trump believes? Putin, Prince Mohammed bin Salman, Kim Jong UnWho Trump doesn’t believe? U.S. Intelligence CommunityThis is
I know a lot has happened today, but we have to keep up the fight to stop Trump's fake emergency declaration.He's undermining Congress and taking money from military construction projects all over the nation.Trump is jeopardizing our military preparedness.
This is what action looks like. #HR8 passed with bipartisan support. It's time we #EndGunViolence with common sense solutions.
Great to be with my old buddy Sen. @ChrisMurphyCT right before first vote in this Congress on limiting gun violence in the US. For our kids!
Last night, the House passed a historic public lands package - a huge win for conservation and the State of Ohio. I'm proud my legislation was included in ensuring continued federal support for the Ohio Erie Canalway National Heritage Area.
Happening right now: @reddit AMA. Ask Me Anything ️ @rSlashPolitics #RedditAMA
By declaring a #FakeEmergency, President Trump is stealing money from military construction projects all over the US, including Ohio. He's jeopardizing $77.2 million in funding for Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Camp Garfield, and Youngstown Air Reserve Base.
Today, I’ll be doing a @reddit AMA at 12pm EST. I’ll talk about politics, NE Ohio, Cleveland Browns - Ask Me Anything ️ @rSlashPolitics #RedditAMA
The Constitution mandates that Congress--not the Executive Branch--has the power of the purse. This evening, the House took a stand against Trump’s abuse of power and voted to terminate his #NationalEmergency declaration.
Our young people are drowning in $1.3 trillion in student debt. It's preventing them from starting their lives, contributing to the economy, and reaching the American Dream. We need to fix this problem today.
Just letting Republicans know, the tax cuts still haven't paid for themselves.
Proud to introduce legislation to posthumously award the Congressional Gold Medal to Youngstown-native Simeon Booker. His trailblazing career in journalism and commitment to telling the stories of the Civil Rights Movement changed our nation for the better
RT @AppropsDems: The FY20 budget requests for the Government Accountability Office (@USGAO) Government Publishing Office (@USGPO) will be…
The President is forgetting Congress is a co-equal branch. You don't just get to declare a #FakeEmergency just because you don't get what you want.
Former GOP lawmakers to current Congressional Republicans on national emergency: "urge those of you who are now charged with upholding the authority of the first branch of government to resist efforts to surrender those powers to a president."
This is why we need to support programs that encourage and provide access to healthy eating. With rising medical costs, what we put in our body is critical to our overall health.
This morning, I joined @akronschools, the Rite Aid Foundation, and Rachel’s Angels in launching the Prescription Drug Safety program. It helps educate our young people to make safe, healthy decisions about prescription drugs. Together, we can combat the opioid epidemic.
Too many Americans are living paycheck to paycheck, barely keeping their noses above water. They're one medical emergency away from going into debt. This is no way for any person to live. Every American deserves a living wage.
Powerful blog about sitting with grief with victims of Tree of Life Synagogue.  
This Administration continues to demonstrate that it does not take climate change seriously. Our military has told us it is a national security threat. We don't need climate deniers telling us otherwise.
#OTD 63 years ago, nearly 100 Americans were arrested for standing up for their rights and refusing to ride a segregated bus. Today, we honor their sacrifice and continue their fight for equality. #BlackHistoryMonth
There is no national emergency. President Trump is subverting the power of Congress and undermining our Constitution. He cannot be allowed to continue this political charade, and I'm proud to join my colleagues in blocking Trump’s emergency declaration.
I've got your back!
Unions are the backbone of the American economy. We shouldn't be eliminating good-paying, union jobs for lower paid wages. It only perpetuates a vicious cycle where hard-working Americans are being underpaid. I stand with New Era Workers. #NewEraHatsOff
Northeast Ohio is a perfect home for Amazon's 2nd headquarters. Let's make this happen. #Amazon2NEOhio
The Youngstown Business Incubator has always been about creating opportunity for the Mahoning Valley. This is a great piece from @usnews on the immeasurable value @ybiTweets brings to Northeast Ohio.
Higher taxes. Record stock buybacks. Skyrocketing deficits. Less investment. Less hiring. The GOP tax bill is what we've been calling the entire time - a scam.
RT @USHCC: The USHCC is proud to support the WORKER Act, introduced by Rep. Tim Ryan (OH-13). This bill helps America build a stronger work…
Our current economic system no longer works for the American worker. We need bold action. It's why I've introduced the WORKER Act which focuses on increasing investment, wage stagnation, and putting people back to work.
Article 1 Section 9 of the US Constitution"No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law"The President is not going to subvert Congress or the Constitution for a #FakeNationalEmergency.
I will do everything in my power to get Amazon to locate 25,000 jobs in NE Ohio. We have the workforce, infrastructure, and world-class universities and colleges. We need private investment in these communities to lift them up and plug them back in. #Amazon2NEOhio
Great to be with Joe Snyder today. I received several hundred letters from CWA workers asking for an explanation why so many jobs were cut after a huge tax cut.
“Climate change is a crisis precisely because it is a looming catastrophe that demands an aggressive global response, now.”Keyword: now. We cannot wait any longer to act on climate change.
Good. I pray this is the first of many.
This is devastating. My hearts breaks for the five people killed, the five police officers injured, and all their families. I’m praying for them and the entire Aurora community. We need to stop these senseless acts of gun violence. We need action. Enough is enough.
RT @MeetThePress: COMING UP on a busy #MTPDaily:@peterbakernyt@MariaTeresa1@shaneharris@BillKristol@RepTimRyan@robertltsai@AGBecerra
Northeast Ohio is a perfect fit for Amazon HQ. Home to over 8 million people, strong, reliable transportation infrastructure, business-friendly environment and top talent at colleges and universities. I will work with Jeff Bezos and leaders in our community to make this a reality
I sit on the committee that funds Military Construction. Trump is taking $3.5 billion out of the $10 billion that’s in the account. That's 35%. This money should be going to military housing and facilities not a #FAKENationalEmergency.
Repeat after me: there is NO national emergency. What we're witnessing is another Trump Temper Tantrum.
And I unequivocally condemn this terror attack. I send my heart out to those who have lost people close to them. The United States stands with India and its people. #KashmirTerrorAttack
Another sad reminder of the violent extremism that exists in our world. We must remain vigilant with the international community to address these threats.
Last night, I was on @hardball to talk about the President's plan to declare a national emergency. Whether it’s the national debt, the annual deficits, or executive power, Republicans have been all over the board. They just don't care. This is what the American people are sick of
Happy Valentine’s Day to my forever Valentine!
Today, I've introduced a bill calling for a nonpartisan commission to fix our immigration system and border security. We have to put an end to the endless grandstanding and fear-mongering. If we fail to address these issues now, they will only divide our country further.
There's always a tweet
Make no mistake: there is NO national emergency. What we are seeing today is just another Presidential temper tantrum. Trump is now trying to force the taxpayer to foot the bill after saying Mexico would pay for it. That's the real crisis.
I'm proud to welcome @GReschenthaler as the newest Co-Chairman to the bipartisan House Military Mental Health Task Force. It's an important issue that needs to be addressed, and I look forward to working with him and my colleagues to helping our nation's heroes.
1 year ago, 17 young lives were lost. It left a community in pain, but a generation of young people stood up, spoke out, and challenged the status quo. Today and every day, we remember those lives and fight for a better future - one without gun violence. #Parkland
RT @HouseJudiciary: BREAKING: @HouseJudiciary just passed #HR8 the Bipartisan Background Checks Act. This is the first major gun violence p…
- $2.3 trillion tax cut- $779 billion dollar deficit- Highest income inequality since roaring 20's - Top 400 people in country own more wealth than bottom 150 millionThese are Republican policies being implemented. Hard-working families are falling behind. We need to wake up
The strong economy the President is touting isn't happening here in Lordstown. The jobs he promised would come back are actually leaving. @realDonaldTrump, we need you to follow through with this promise.
"More than two-thirds of the military’s operationally critical installations are threatened by climate change." Climate Change is a national security issue. Climate change is real, whether or not the President wants to admit it.
Every week we're seeing how the Republican tax cuts are scamming the American people. Big Banks rake in big cash, record corporate stock buyback, little investment, less hiring, more firing. The #GOPTaxScam was never about helping the American people.
There's a reason why this reckless bill was vetoed twice before. It's another senseless Republican attack on reproductive rights. We can't allow this bill to move forward.
In 73% of all OH households with children, more than 1.8million homes, all parents have paying jobs. #Paidleave means not having to choose between a job and family. It's why I'm proud to support the #FAMILYAct - a bill that would create more equitable, family friendly workplaces
The American people cannot go through another government shutdown. Period.
We've got to keep fighting to bring a new product to GM Lordstown. I refuse to give up, and I know there are many with me who won't either.
How can we be the richest, most powerful country in the world and still underpay, under-resource, and undervalue our teachers? I stand in solidarity with Denver teachers as they go on strike today. #DenverTeachersStrike
The 400 richest Americans now own more than the bottom 150 million. Let that sink in.
Anti-Semitism has no place in our society. Diversity is our nation’s greatest strength. As Americans, we must call out hate and bigotry wherever we find it and help educate our friends and neighbors so that we can become a more perfect union.
Tax cuts haven't paid for themselves. #GOPTaxScam
This year, I am proud to nominate 13 young men and women to be considered for acceptance to our nation's service academies. Our future is bright in their hands, and I have no doubt they will make our country proud.
Honored to award Leo H. Connelly a Purple Heart today. He is the epitome of courage, honor, and integrity. This is long overdue, and I am thankful Leo is finally receiving the honor and recognition he deserves.
We can't go back to a time when insurance companies could deny you health care coverage because of a pre-existing condition. Full Stop. Democrats are fighting back to those who seek to undermine these vital protections.
It’s through the effort of every person involved in this case that we were able to get to this end result. Although this chapter comes to a close, we will never forget Karl Hoerig and the impact he has had on our community. (3/3)
Today could not have been possible without the hard work and dedication of Trumbull County Prosecutor Dennis Watkins and his team. And thank you to former Congressman John Boccieri for his tireless work throughout the past decade. (2/3)
Claudia Hoerig has finally been brought to justice. I hope today’s sentencing provides the Hoerig family the closure they so deeply deserve. The past ten years have not been easy on them, but they continued to stay strong and had faith in each other and our justice system. (1/3)
John Dingell set the bar for how to be a Member of Congress. There was and will never be anyone like him - he served the American people with so much heart, courage, and wit. My heart goes out to Debbie and their entire family. Rest In Peace, John.
Our economic systems are broken. Hard-working Americans are being left behind while corporations continue to get rich. It’s not right. #SaveLordstown
My heart goes out to Frank Robinson's family and friends. He broke barriers throughout his career, including with the @indians by becoming the first African-American MLB manager. A true legend who changed the game.
Congress must take the lead since this President is confused about the difference between weather and climate.
RT @CongPalazzo: I recently joined @RepTimRyan in introducing the Reserve Component Employer Incentive, Compensation, and Relief Act of 201…
Food is such an important part of healthy living, but our current food policy is so fragmented. I’m glad to see that a #CommonFoodPolicy is being discussed by @IPESFood. The United States should do the same.
RT @AppropsDems: Tune in to watch @RepTimRyan chair the first Legislative Branch subcommittee hearing of the 116th Congress →
Getting ready to Chair the first Leg Branch hearing of the year! @AppropsDems
RT @msteryis: If you live in Ohio, PLEASE SHARE THIS! Amber Evans is an activist and Executive Director of the Columbus Juvenile Justice Co…
Last night, Trump talked about our trade imbalance with China. He's right. It's why I introduced the bipartisan Fair Trade with China Enforcement Act last week. My bill would safeguard our assets from Chinese influence and blunt China’s tools of economic aggression.
Just like I said last night, Republican border state lawmakers don't want a wall. It's not just Democrats saying it.
Straight from EL Paso Sheriff Richard Wiles: "El Paso was a safe city long before any wall was built. President Trump continues to give a false narrative about a great city that truly represents what this great Nation is all about."
Not once did President Trump mention GM last night. The economy may be booming, but it's not reflected everywhere in the United States. Too many Americans can barely keep their nose above water, and they're looking for help. Looking for action. Looking for leadership.
Climate change is an existential threat. Hurricanes, wildfires and floods are threatening the lives of people across the country.Today the new Democratic majority breaks 8 years of silence in the House of Representatives on climate change. #ActOnClimate
The American people deserve a government whose first priority is to make their lives better, and it’s my hope that Congress and President Trump can find common ground and move our country forward. #SOTU
.@staceyabrams: "Our progress has always found refuge in the basic instinct of the American experiment – to do right by our people. And with a renewed commitment to social and economic justice, we will create a stronger America, together."
I'm excited to hear @staceyabrams tonight as she offers her progressive vision for our country. She's an incredible fighter for the state of Georgia, and our Party is lucky to be represented by her this evening. #SOTU
Drug prices are out of control, and life-saving medication has become out of reach for too many Americans. It’s time we rein in on Big Pharma’s price gouging tactics, increase transparency, and allow Medicare to negotiate drug prices. #SOTU
While I continue to be supportive of renegotiating NAFTA, what I have seen so far does not do enough to protect the hardworking men and women of my district. A new deal must protect workers’ rights and freedoms, create strong environmental standards. #SOTU
Even Republican border state lawmakers don't want the wall. They know it doesn't work. #SOTU
We've got to be smart about border security, and a wall isn't the answer. We should be investing in technology, bolstering security at ports of entry, and fixing existing structures. #SOTU
Proud that we passed the #FirstStepAct – but we can't stop now. We can do more to reform our criminal justice system. #SOTU
Record stock buybacks. No major business hiring or investment plans. A soaring deficit. This is what the Republican tax scam actually accomplished. #SOTU
RT @SenSherrodBrown: Glad to have Rita Lewis and @UAW Local 1112 President Dave Green joining @RepTimRyan and me at tonight’s #SOTU. With o…
Look who Dave and I ran into, @senrobportman and his guest #Youngstown’s @MayorTitoBrown. Northeast Ohio is well-represented at the #SOTU.
A reminder, the Republican tax scam didn't pay for itself. What did it actually deliver? Record stock buybacks, soaring deficit, and no major business hiring or investment plans
$5.7 billion for an unnecessary, outdated wall is wasteful. We can put that money to integrate technology on our border, increase security at our ports of entry, and update existing structures. But taxpayers are not going to foot the bill for a vanity project.
In 2016, the President came to my district and promised manufacturing jobs would come back. Two years later, GM announced it would close five facilities, including the one in Lordstown. They deserve better than empty, failed promises. #SOTU
This deserves more attention. GM has started its first round of layoffs. These dedicated, hard-working employees don't deserve to get a pink slip. They've helped build GM up and stood by them through thick and thin. It's time GM does the same.
The lack of accountability from this Administration is appalling. They separated thousands of families and have no way of reuniting them. It's unconscionable.
This is a political stunt. We saw this Administration pull this move right before the Midterm elections. It's insulting to the men and women who protect our country every day.
My guest for tomorrow's State of the Union is fighting for every GM worker. The President promised he would bring back manufacturing jobs. Dave and I will hold him to that promise. #SOTU
RT @UAW: .@RepAndyLevin and @RepTimRyan have invited UAW Presidents Ghana Goodwin-Dye of Warren Local 909 and Dave Green of Youngstown Loca…
Racism and bigotry have no place in this country. Governor Ralph Northam must resign.
"GOP senators say Trump should stick to the sidelines and let the bipartisan group of appropriators, known for their ability to cut deals, get to work." Just letting you all know it’s not just Democrats saying it…
.@UAW: "We invested in you. Now it's your turn to invest in US!" They are absolutely right. GM should not turn its back on the employees who have always had their back. It's time for GM to invest back in American workers.
A perfect example of how drugs are brought into this country, and why a wall has nothing to do with stopping it. U.S. Customs and Border Protection caught this shipment coming through a regular port of entry. Let’s fund the security that actually works.
The government shouldn't be the only ones investing in American products. Private companies should as well. This scattershot approach isn’t going to cut it, we need a comprehensive manufacturing strategy to move our country forward.
A year ago, #OH13 was chosen to host @eBay's first #RetailRevival program. Since then, it's given a huge boost to our small businesses and economy. It's partnerships like these that can help rejuvenate our communities.
A wall across the entire southern border will not work. We need to invest in technology, bolster security at ports of entry, and identify weak points at the border. But taxpayers are not going to foot the bill for a vanity project that Trump promised Mexico would pay for.
Today is #NationalHotChocolateDay, so here’s a throwback to enjoying a cup with my guy Brady. #tbt
Good. The American people cannot deal with another pointless, expensive shutdown.
Social Security is a bedrock program for seniors, survivors, and people with disabilities. It's why I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the Social Security 2100 Act. We must protect and expand this important program for current retirees and future generations. #Secure2100
Trump’s manufacturing policies are failing the American people. Companies are laying off their employees, moving to Mexico, and now Foxconn won't build in Wisconsin. We need a serious strategy to bring manufacturing jobs back.
I’m thankful for this opportunity to lead this caucus with @CongPalazzo. I look forward to working with my colleagues to ensure our Guardsmen and Reservists get the proper tools and necessary funding to carry out their work.
It’s always great running into the @MineWorkers in DC! #UMWA
The President is attacking his own intelligence leaders. This is dangerous and unacceptable.
While the United States is operating in a 24-hour news cycle, China has a long term plan reaching 50 to 100 years. My bill will get us ahead of the game and strengthen our economy.
Is @realDonaldTrump really confused about the difference between the climate and the weather?
This is long overdue. We pride ourselves in the strength, courage, and service of our veterans, it’s time our country upholds its promise and provide them the care they have earned.
The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was signed into law 10 years ago today. While we've made progress in ensuring equal pay, Congress must do more to close the gender and racial pay gaps. It's why I've cosponsored the #PaycheckFairness Act. #Equalpay for equal work. #LedBetter10
Regardless what the President says, climate change is real. If we don't act on it now, it could do irreversible damage to our planet. Congress must take the lead in combating climate change since this Administration wants to live in fiction, not fact.
As temperatures plunge tonight and this week, please stay safe. Share this information especially with those who are experiencing homelessness. Shelters across Northeast Ohio are providing food and a place to stay.
The government shutdown put a spotlight on a larger issue in our society: Too many Americans are living paycheck to paycheck. When our economic system only benefits the wealthy, hard-working Americans are left behind. That needs to change.
Let me get this straight, the only deal Trump is going to accept is the same ineffective and expensive wall that he shut down the government over? The same wall that Americans don't want?
This Administration was warned that its tax scam was a bad idea by... [checks notes] everybody.
The shutdown directly affected 2 million people and cost our economy $11 billion. And now the President is threatening to do it again in three weeks?!
#ICYMI: Last week, I introduced a bill that would correct our trade imbalances with China and give American workers a level playing field to compete and succeed. We need a long term strategy that will protect our assets and grow our economy.
On #HolocaustMemorialDay, #WeRemember the 6 million Jewish lives and millions of others who were murdered during the Holocaust. We must recommit ourselves to fighting against anti-Semitism and all forms of hate. We must never allow history to repeat itself.
If Roger Stone wasn't arrested today, would Trump have agreed to reopen the government? I'm skeptical.
I think I'm having déjà vu. Wasn't this the same deal proposed 35 days ago?
The President believes that grocery stores accept IOUs. That's not how they work. Was yesterday a competition within the Trump Administration to see who could be more out of touch?
.@realDonaldTrump, @senatemajldr, @SenateGOP: Reopen the government.
800,000 federal workers. 1.2 million government contractors.And today, their paystub reads $0 for the 2nd time this month.It’s time Senate Republicans stop playing political games and pass a clean funding bill.
It's more than the 800,000 federal workers not getting paid. 1.2 million federal contractors aren't either. All they want to do is get back to work and get paid.
Incredibly disappointed. Senate Republicans had a chance to pass a clean funding bill, just like they did in December. But instead they chose to keep our country hostage. #EndTheShutdown
Today could not have been possible without every person’s contribution – no matter how big or small. This has not been easy, but I hope today’s verdict delivers some sense of closure and justice to the Hoerig family. (3/3)
I would also like to thank @RepJohnBoccieri for his longstanding efforts over the past decade. And a big thank you to the Hoerig family and support team for their cooperation and patience while we navigated a long and convoluted process to get Claudia extradited. (2/3)
I am pleased that justice has been served in this monumental case. I want to thank Trumbull County Prosecutor Dennis Watkins and his team for their unwavering commitment and dedication to this case. (1/3)
This shouldn't be a partisan issue. The Senate voted unanimously last month to fund the government. Today’s vote on the clean funding bill should be 100-0.
RT @CNNnewsroom: Democrat @RepTimRyan proposes a commission for people appointed by the President and the Speaker (Bob Gates, Condoleezza R…
Because 800,000 federal workers aren't getting paid. They've already missed one paycheck - set to miss another one this week. And 80% of Americans live paycheck to paycheck.
The House has passed 10 bills to reopen the government.The Senate needs to vote and pass a clean funding bill today.Federal workers cannot afford to miss a paycheck for the second time this month.
This is what happens when we have an Administration and Republican Party undermine our health care system at every turn. Uninsured rate goes up, 7 million Americans lose coverage.
This has nothing to do with “narrative”. This is about ending Trump’s 33-day long shutdown, reopening the government, and getting 800,000 Americans back to work and paid.
GOP Congressman whose district is on the southern border: "A wall from sea to shining sea is the most expensive and least effective way to do border security... We should be thinking about all these different technologies and how they should be used"
Flagging this for @realDonaldTrump and @senatemajldr. Federal workers cannot miss another paycheck this week. Enough is enough. Reopen the government.
RT @AppropsDems: NEW this morning from President Trumps’s CHIEF ECONOMIST: If the #TrumpShutdown continues, we could end up with zero econo…
The fight isn't over. We have to exhaust every option. GM is a pillar in the Mahoning Valley, and I will continue to work with Mary Barra, state and local leaders to ensure it stays here.
Here's a clear path forward: The Senate can vote on one of the 8 bills the House passed to reopen the government, and then the President can sign it. Stop using federal workers and Dreamers as bargaining chips for a vanity project.
The wealth gap continues to widen, while hard-working, every day Americans are being left behind. Congress needs to fix our broken economic system.
Today is the 46th anniversary of the #RoevWade landmark decision. It's become more important now than ever that we fight to protect a woman's right to make her own health choices.
Make no mistake, today’s SCOTUS decision makes us less safe and less military ready. Transgender service members have already been serving our country bravely and openly for over 2 years. We cannot turn our backs on them. This fight isn’t over.
I've run out of ways to say how infuriating and unacceptable this shutdown is. We’re now on day 32, and the Senate is continuing to enable the President's tantrum. They can take up any one of the bipartisan House bills to #EndTheShutdown today, but they refuse.
"Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter."As we celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s life and legacy, let us recommit ourselves to never staying silent. We must continue his fight for equality and justice for every American. #MLKDay
We can ask better of our kids. Hate and intolerance are not ok. That MAGA hat does not make it ok. That is perhaps the most profoundly damaging thing Trump’s politics have done to America. And the long-term consequences of it for this country winning the future is frightening.
As a Catholic who attended Catholic School, I was taught love, acceptance, and compassion. The behavior on display here is the complete opposite of that - it’s intolerant and hateful. This is the kind of behavior modeled by our President. Unacceptable.
The Democratic House has passed eight bills to reopen the government. The Republican Senate can pass any one of those bills today. And only after the government is back up and running can we have a real conversation.
If you're an #OH13 federal worker affected by the government shutdown, here are some businesses who are providing aid during this time. Thank you for helping those in need. It goes a long way.
At the request of Mitch McConnell, Senate GOP continues to hold our country hostage. He's trying to avoid the public eye, but the American people know he's just as responsible for this shutdown as the President. #WheresMitch #EndTheShutdown
While GM rakes in millions from tax cuts, their workers are being laid off and families are being upended. This Administration should be upholding its promise to bringing back manufacturing jobs instead of its current vanity project.
RT @AppropsDems: After 28 days of #TrumpShutdown, we have: 800,000 federal workers furloughed or working w/o pay Millions of families…
This is deeply troubling. Congress should use its oversight authority to get to the bottom of whatever the hell is going on. No one is above the law, including the President of the United States.
The House has voted 9 times to reopen the government. The Senate - 0.Tel Mitch McConnell to do his job and pass our bipartisan bills. #WheresMitch #EndTheShutdown
Honored to continue serving on @AppropsDems and be selected as Chairman of the Legislative Branch Subcommittee. I look forward to working with my Democratic and Republican colleagues to enact policies and projects that create American jobs and grow our economy.
American workers shouldn't have to do this. @realDonaldTrump, @senatemajldr reopen the government.
This is unconscionable. The Administration must be held accountable.
$3.6 Billion. That's how much our economy has lost because of the #TrumpShutdown.
.@rushlimbaugh, @AnnCoulter, @IngrahamAngle – would you please tell President Trump that he is allowed to reopen the government? Thanks. #EndTheShutdown
The House has now voted 8 times to reopen the government. The Senate is still at 0. Mitch McConnell has forgotten that we work for the American people, not the President. #EndTheShutdown
RT @USRepKeating: 2,170 people whose names were in the Terrorist Screening Database were encountered at U.S. airports in 2018. 2,265 people…
A tax scam - that's what it is. And Republicans were so proud to pass it. While corporate America continues to get richer, our deficit soars higher and the American taxpayers are footing the bill.
RT @AppropsDems: Congratulations to @RepTimRyan, @AppropsDems Chair for Legislative Branch.
Proud to work with @payourinterns to get our Capitol Hill interns paid. Last September, I secured $8.8 million in funding for paid House internships. But this is just the first step, I will keep fighting for more. 
.@realDonaldTrump, @senatemajldr reopen the government. #EndTheShutdown
In America, people get paid when they go to work. But right now, hundreds of thousands of federal workers are on the job without pay. That's beyond unacceptable. #EndTheShutdown
Had a great evening meeting @Emma4Change from @AMarch4OurLives. Working with exceptional young leaders like her will help move our country forward and ensure we get closer to ridding gun violence in the US.
