Appreciate the opportunity to recently meet with members of the @IndianaCAP in Washington, D.C. I thank you all for your service and dedication to the safety of our state and nation.
Great to stop by the Veterans Pancake Breakfast last month at the @CalumetNewTech High School in Gary. I thank Webb House, IBEW 697, and all those who volunteer their time and efforts to organize events like this and support our veteran community.
Thank you for your thoughtful presentation! I look forward to continuing to work with you and all of my IN Congressional colleagues to further recognize the @IndianaDunesNPS and to draw new investments, economic activity, and good-paying jobs to NWI and our entire state.
RT @FeedINsHungry: Thank you to @RepVisclosky for your time today and all that you do to alleviate hunger in Indiana! We look forward to co…
I am heartened that because of the support of our U.S. Senators, the entire Indiana Congressional delegation, and numerous Northwest Indiana organizations, we have successfully titled the first National Park in our state.
To everyone in Northwest Indiana this week, please stay safe, take precautions, and check in on neighbors and loved ones while we deal with this record-breaking cold!
Please stay safe and keep apprised of any changes to the schedule through our website and social media accounts. 2/2
My Saturday Town Forums are currently scheduled to occur. However, should local public safety officials determine that it is unsafe to travel tomorrow due to inclement winter weather, the Town Forums will be cancelled. 1/2
I am looking forward to discussing your priorities at my 2019 Town Forums that start this Friday at various locations throughout Northwest Indiana.
It is unacceptable that women earn 67 cents for every dollar that a man earns for the same work in Northwest Indiana. I am proud to cosponsor the Paycheck Fairness Act in the 116th Congress and will continue to support its enactment into federal law.
As the 116th Congress begins, I will continue my efforts to rename the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore as a national park, so that we may further grow our regional economy and provide our lakeshore with the recognition it deserves.
I am looking forward to the 2019 Town Forums and hearing directly from residents about their issues of concern and how I can best serve and represent their interests this coming year in the 116th Congress.
Thank you to U.S. Army Major Christie Cunningham for serving as a Defense Fellow in my DC office this past year. I deeply appreciate your constantly invaluable insights and detailed analysis, and I wish you all the best in your continued service on behalf of our country.
Enjoyed speaking with afterschool program students at the @BGCGreaterNWI Gary facility. I appreciate your thoughtful questions and thank all of the administrators for their good work on behalf of the Gary community.
The deadline for the federal enrollment period for health insurance coverage in 2019 is December 15, 2018. For additional information or to sign up for a plan, do not delay and please visit
As noted on the doors of the training facility for the Indiana Kentucky Ohio Carpenters Regional Council: “Through these doors pass the best trained Craftsmen in the Construction Industry.” I enjoyed the recent tour and thank you for your work to support good-paying union jobs.
The federal enrollment period for health insurance coverage in 2019 is open through December 15, 2018. For additional information or to sign up for a plan, please visit
It was a great discussion! I appreciate your engagement in the relevant issues of the day and wish you all continued success in your studies and competitions.
I applaud the initiative of @KeepitMadeinUSA and @EconomicPolicy for documenting in this report the devastating impact of China's illegal trading practices on American workers and our industrial base.
I am thankful for the service, both abroad and here at home, of all of our veterans, and I thank Kathy Kazmierczak and the Northwest Indiana Veterans Action Council for hosting such a wonderful event to honor our veterans.
Enjoyed seeing the wonderful paintings at the Chesterton Art Center last week. I thank Executive Director Wendy Marciniak and everyone involved with the center for providing such a great venue for our talented and inspiring Northwest Indiana artists.
Proud that the USS Indiana will carry our state's great name as the U.S. Navy's 16th Virginia-class attack submarine. #USSIndiana
Appreciate the opportunity to speak with representatives from the Great Lakes Coastal Zone Management program in Chesterton last week.
I appreciate everyone connected with NorthShore Health Centers for the time of their life they’ve given all of us in the community. I thank them for their talents and expertise. I thank each one of them for their good hearts.
This is the next step in the journey of creating new jobs and economic activity in Northwest Indiana.
As we enter Labor Day weekend, let us take a moment to recognize and thank all the hardworking men and women of labor who have built the Northwest Indiana economy. #SteelStrong #Solidarity #LaborDay2018
I congratulate Mayor Snedecor and the Hobart Fire Department for their diligent work to successfully utilize this federal resource and to improve the invaluable services they provide to the Hobart community.
I congratulate Chief Fazekas and all the administrators in Lake Station for successfully identifying and obtaining this federal resource. I am pleased that this federal grant will further assist the invaluable services of the Lake Station Fire Department.
Appreciated learning about the continued investments and expansion projects at Indiana Beverage in Valparaiso. It was great to speak with you and I congratulate you on your new renovations.
Enjoyed chatting recently with Sister Peg and nurses at the Sojourner Truth House in Gary. I thank you for your serious work and all the invaluable services that you provide for the Gary community.
Pleased to discuss on @WLPR891 my work through the Appropriations Committee to address the multiple threats posed by Russia that aim to undermine our political institutions as well as our national security and that of our NATO allies. Listen at 37:15:
I commend @NIRPC on their vision and application. I believe that their proposal will augment the prior investments made along our lakeshore and will continue to improve our ability to draw new people and businesses to our tri-county area. 
Pleased to join Chief Hein and members of the Dyer Police Department last week as they celebrated the retirement of one of their long-term police officers. I thank all of you for your dedicated work to respond at a moment’s notice in times of need and keep our neighborhoods safe.
Appreciate the opportunity to sit down with Stephen Tallackson and other members from Temple Israel in Gary and the religious community in Northwest Indiana to discuss the current humanitarian issues with great implications happening in our country and throughout the world.
Congratulations to the student engineering team with @PurdueNorthwest CIVS for winning this grand prize award from @AISTech. I applaud your achievement and appreciate your dedication to continuing to strive to improve steel-production capabilities.
Enjoyed meeting with my friend and Military Academy Board Member Don Nelson last month with fellow @shriners members. It was good as always to talk with you and I thank you for your dedicated work on behalf of children and the Northwest Indiana community.
As we recently celebrated #Juneteenth, I encourage you to click below to read about the history and importance of this day, and let us rededicate ourselves to continue the needed struggle to create a more fair, just, and tolerant nation today.
I am proud to cosponsor Rep. Nadler’s #KeepFamiliesTogether legislation. The inhumane action of the Administration is not representative of the country that I want to live in. 
On June 14, 1777, the Continental Congress approved the design of a national flag, and today, 241 years later, we celebrate #FlagDay. Take a moment today to explore the history of our flag through the resources available below from @librarycongress
Today, the House Appropriations Committee is considering the FY19 Defense Act. Its timely enactment is essential to ensuring that our Armed Forces and the intelligence community have the resources and direction to support our men and women in uniform and keep our nation safe.
The steel industry is the economic foundation of the Northwest Indiana economy. It is imperative that American taxpayer dollars are required to be spent in a way that directly supports American workers and the American steel and manufacturing industries.
Enjoyed speaking with members of the Committee on Pipe and Tube Imports during their recent annual conference in Washington, DC. I thank you for your continued investment in our nation’s infrastructure and our communities.
I thank the members of the @USWD7RR for advocating last week at their annual legislative conference on behalf of all workers in our nation’s capital. I support your efforts to fight for good wages, safe working conditions, and a secure retirement for workers.
I am disturbed that the Administration has hesitated to implement these tariffs. For years, China has made promises to reduce their steel overcapacity and combat other unfair trade practices. The time for action is now.
I will continue to do everything possible to support the Capital Investment Grant program and our region’s applications to make transformational investments in the South Shore Rail Line.
Thank you to all of the attendees and presenters at last week’s Military Academy Night. For those unable to attend, all the information is available through this link:
Congratulations to the @ikorcc on the grand opening of their Merrillville Training Facility and Northwest Indiana Regional Office. I thank you for your commitment to labor and for creating careers that build strong communities.
I was pleased to recently attend the Alliance for a Healthier Indiana Town Hall event at Indiana University Northwest. I thank you for your dedicated work and helpful information that will improve the health and lives of residents in all of our regional communities.
Reminder - This Monday at 6:00 p.m. at Indiana University Northwest is the 2018 Military Academy Night. I encourage all students who are interested in military service or attending a U.S. military academy to stop by.
I will remember Ed as a good friend and one of the kindest individuals I have ever met. He will remain the epitome of what all sincere public servants should strive to be. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends during this difficult time.
It is deeply regrettable that today’s decision will damage our country’s credibility as a negotiator, our relationships with critical allies and partners, and our ability to lead future efforts to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons and materials around the world. #IranDeal
Click below for details about my 2018 Military Academy Night. I encourage all students interested in military service or attending a U.S. military academy to stop by this event that will take place next Monday, May 14, at 6:00 p.m. at IU Northwest.
It was great to tour the SAIC office at the Purdue Technology Center in Crown Point this week. I enjoyed hearing about your exciting work with microelectronics and thank you for developing and growing this new technology in Northwest Indiana.
I was pleased to attend the ceremony for the new inductees of the Times Business and Industry Hall of Fame. Your exemplary initiatives provide untold benefits to our workers and the strength of the Northwest Indiana economy.
Appreciate the recent discussion and thoughtful questions from students at the Northwest Adventist Christian School in Crown Point. I thank you for the invitation and wish you the best in your continued studies.
Honored to be able to participate in the ribbon-cutting ceremony for the new Couple and Family Therapy Center @PurdueNorthwest. I congratulate Director Seda Gulvas on this new initiative and look forward to your and the university’s continued good work.
RT @karenaboutgary: Thanks to @USACEHQ @RepVisclosky @nwi_rda GSD Dan Vicari, GCC @CaldwelBarnes #Rwyatt #mcc @millerbeacharts laying found…
I greatly enjoyed the recent invitation to read to students @AspireCharter in Gary.
Pleased to testify this morn before the THUD Appropriations Subcommittee and say the investment to improve and expand the South Shore Rail Line in NWI is but one example of the vast benefits that the Capital Investment Grant program provides to communities throughout our nation.
It was great to join Portage Cub Scout Pack 487 at their pancake breakfast at First United Methodist Church last weekend.
This #EqualPayDay marks how long it would take for women to catch up to the wages of men. I am proud to cosponsor the Paycheck Fairness Act and we must all continue to do all we can to eliminate the gender pay gap.
I thank the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Mayor Karen Freeman-Wilson and the Gary Common Council, and Mayor Christopher Anderson and the Lake Station City Council, for their tireless efforts to invest in infrastructure and protect our environment.
Great news for the City of Gary! I congratulate Mayor Freeman-Wilson as well as the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development for working together and identifying the federal resources to address this need and improve the quality of place in Gary.
As we remember Martin Luther King, Jr. today, 50 years after his untimely passing, let us renew again his commitment to equality and to realizing all that remains to recognize the dignity of every individual. #MLK50
Pleased to speak on the House floor last week in support of the Community Civility Counts Initiative and the celebration of their 3rd annual World Civility Day that will be held on April 12.
Greatly enjoyed meeting with students from @iunorthwest as they visited our nation’s capital this past month.  I appreciated your thoughtful questions and wish you all the best in your continued studies and endeavors.
I congratulate the Hanover and the Tri-Creek School Corporations for successfully seeking out this federal grant program and making investments in your transportation systems.
@AHowardSmith Please contact my DC office at 202-225-2461.  We would be happy to do our best to assist you.
Reminder that submissions for the 2018 Congressional Art Competition are due in the Merrillville office this Friday. Click below for the full details.
I was honored to participate in @LCHSnews Tribe TV and discuss the significant issues involved in our nation’s gun safety debate. I commend the initiative of students throughout NWI and our country to build momentum for common sense gun reform legislation.
Had a great discussion this morning with representatives from the United Steelworkers and steel companies during a Congressional Steel Caucus hearing on the state of the steel industry.
Attention employers and job seekers - save the date of March 22, 10:00 a.m., at Southlake Mall for information on grant and training opportunities through the NextLevel Jobs program.
Appreciate the opportunity to recently meet with employees and tour the training facility of Korellis Roofing in Hammond. I thank you for your commitment to ensuring safety, providing quality services, and creating career opportunities in the Northwest Indiana economy.
During Women’s History Month, we recognize, commemorate, and celebrate the achievements of women. I encourage you to explore the resources below to learn more of the vital role women have played in and their contributions to our society.
I had a great time at the Valparaiso Kiwanis Club Pancake Day on Saturday. I thank all the members of the club and volunteers for your dedicated work to support the Valparaiso community and bring people together.
Had a great time seeing the progress at the National Mascot Hall of Fame recently with Whiting Mayor Stahura and Hobart Mayor Snedecor!
On a legal and level playing field, American steelworkers can compete with anyone in the world, and the U.S. government has a responsibility to ensure that a level playing field is maintained every day. It is imperative that the President act and act now.
I would encourage any individual impacted by the recent flooding to visit this state-sponsored assistance center - currently available Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m., at Polk Elementary School in Lake Station.
Click below for all the details on the 2018 Congressional Art Competition. I am always heartened by the thoughtful and creative artwork from our youth and the positive impact it has in our communities and our region.
I believe that by expanding job opportunities, improving our environment and investing in our transportation infrastructure, we will draw more people to our region and continue on a path toward a flourishing economy and a brighter tomorrow.
Twice in the last 16 days, the President of the United States has said he would act on the recommendations of the Section 232 investigation that was presented to him on Jan. 11. It is time the President acted.
RT @IBAtweet: Thank you @RepVisclosky for your staunch support of radio and TV broadcasters in Indiana. We appreciate you taking the time t…
Pleased to be able to attend the Valparaiso Kiwanis Club meeting last week with guest speaker Sheriff David Reynolds. I appreciate the continued good work of the Kiwanis Club and thank Sheriff Reynolds for his informative presentation.
I am proud to support #NetNeutrality and cosponsor legislation to overturn the @FCC adoption of a regulatory framework that will eliminate protections that help ensure the Internet remains a level playing field for all users, entrepreneurs, and innovators.
Enjoyed seeing the outstanding solar panel project and automotive technology display by Lowell High School students at the @SSCleanCities meeting. I congratulate you on your dedicated work and wish you continued success in this critically important and beneficial field of study.
Appreciate the opportunity yesterday to discuss our regional economy and global trade issues with the @iunorthwest International Affairs Club.  I thank you for your excellent questions and serious thought on these issues of great consequence for our country and Northwest Indiana.
It is past time that the President uses the recommendations from this report to take action to support and defend our American steelworkers, the American steel industry, and our national security.
I encourage President Trump to act with the utmost urgency and send a resounding message that the foundational equipment and strength of the American military must be built with American-made steel.
As we continue in Black History Month and pay tribute to the generations of African-Americans who struggled with adversity to achieve full citizenship in American society, I would encourage you to explore the many resources available below:
Appreciate the opportunity to meet this week with Mr. Artan Grubi, a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Macedonia. I thanked Mr. Grubi for the pin and told him about the great Macedonian community of Northwest Indiana.
Congratulations to @LIUNA Local 81 on your 100th Anniversary! You don't last for 100 years unless you serve each other, unless you anticipate the future, unless you leave the world better. Because of the dignity of your work, you'll last another 100 years.
When our country operates under continuing budget resolutions, the strength and readiness of our military suffers and our ability to make investments in jobs is hindered. 4/4
Coming to an agreement has proved elusive since the President’s budget proposal eviscerated funding for programs that invest in our infrastructure, transportation systems, research and development, and the health of our people. 3/4
Today’s funding crisis began almost four months ago on October 1, 2017, and until a budget is established for our military and our economy, we cannot proceed. 2/4
Establishing a bipartisan budget agreement is my most immediate priority so that we can adequately and quickly fund our military and economic programs. 1/4
Jump to 22:55 of Lakeshore Public Radio’s show to hear some of the questions and answers from the Town Forum held in Hammond last week:
I deeply appreciate the commitment to public service from our new U.S. Attorney, Thomas L Kirsch II. I thank you for your dedication to the Northwest Indiana region and wish you all the best in your new position.
I thank everyone who took the time to attend one of my 2018 Town Forums. As we move forward this year, I would encourage everyone to continue to stay in touch and keep me apprised of your issues of concern.
I deeply regret to learn about the closing of ATCO-Gary Metal Technologies and the impact this has on all the employees and their families. Should anyone need any assistance during this difficult transition, I would encourage them to contact my office.
Reminder - Town Forums start tomorrow - Click below to find a Town Forum near you.
Congratulations to John Parsons on your retirement. Northwest Indiana is indebted to you for your dedicated service to improving the South Shore Rail Line and creating a more vibrant regional economy.
I am pleased that Congress came together to reauthorize crucial firefighter grants. Fire departments in Northwest Indiana and across our country will be able to utilize these grants to further improve their essential life-saving services.
Thank you to Linda Lawson for your years of public service and ability to bring people together and improve the lives of all individuals in Northwest Indiana and across our state. I wish you continued success and deeply appreciate your friendship.
Pleased to see the wonderful progress from @nature_org and the wild bison herd in the Kankakee Sands preserve. I appreciate your persistent efforts to invest in long-term projects that further improve our region and our environment.
Testified this morning at the ITC in support of American steel producers and steelworkers. I also was pleased to meet with representatives from @ArcelorMittalUS who make the steel involved in today's hearing, cut-to-length steel plate, at their Burns Harbor facility in NWI.
I am excited to hold my annual Town Forums beginning next week on January 12. These Town Forums are incredibly beneficial because they allow me to hear directly from you. Click below to find a Town Forum near you.
Enjoyed visiting earlier this month with the future leaders of tomorrow from Daisy Troop #35111 from Valparaiso. We had a great discussion and I thank our @Usparks_service Ranger for presenting information about our landscape and the many educational programs @IndianaDunesNPS.
Signed this letter to Speaker Ryan that stated we will not be complicit in any effort to undermine access to affordable health care coverage or increase costs for millions of Americans and that we will continue to oppose this reckless tax proposal.
I support net neutrality and joined 117 of my colleagues this week in urging the FCC to delay today’s vote. I will continue to work towards a reasonable solution that secures an open Internet for all.
Congratulations to the Northwest Indiana Islamic Center on your 25th Anniversary! I was honored to join you in celebrating your years of positive contributions to our region and I will continue to do my best to represent you and our shared interests in Washington, D.C.
Enjoyed spending time with all of you at the @iunorthwest new Arts Science building.  Thank you to Chancellor and Pamela Lowe for hosting such a great event.
The deadline to sign up for health care coverage through is this Friday.  I'm also pleased that Community Healthcare System has joined the health insurance network to provide coverage under the ACA next year as well.
Happy Birthday Indiana! OTD in 1816, Indiana was admitted as the 19th state in our union. For additional information and photos of Indiana through the years, I would encourage you to explore the resources available below through @librarycongress.
Great to see this progress for constructing a U.S. Customs and Border Protection facility at the @GaryChiAirport. I thank @karenaboutgary and all the Airport leadership for their consistent work to create jobs and improve this facility.
Appreciate the incredible value that @ArcelorMittalUS brings to our regional economy, and also how they are a great steward of our native environment. Congratulations on receiving the “Bringing Nature Home Award” from @HeinzeTrust.
The deadline to participate in open enrollment period for coverage in 2018 is fast approaching. Contact my Merrillville office at 219-795-1844 if you need any information or assistance.
Pleased to speak with Chris Nolte on Lakeshore Public Radio’s Regionally Speaking earlier this month to discuss the actions I am taking to create jobs and grow the Northwest Indiana economy. Jump to 25:00 to listen to the discussion.
DACA participants work legally, pay taxes, and contribute to the US economy. They do not deserve to be in this situation of uncertainty and fear. I support the DREAM Act and it is past time that Congress allows this important bill to be debated and voted upon.
I believe that tax reform legislation must provide greater equity among taxpayers, encourage productive economic investments, and not increase the national deficit. I opposed the House Republican tax legislation because it meets none of these requirements.
This morning I testified at the U.S. ITC hearing on wire rod. I stated that we must not waiver in our efforts, and we must continue to apply pressure on countries that blatantly violate our trade laws and threaten the American steel industry and American steelworkers.
RT @nwi_jsp: Congressman Pete Visclosky and Quilts for Vets honored a Battle of the Bulge survivor in Cedar Lake today. Son-in-law: “It’s l…
RT @ortizee21ios08: Thx @RepVisclosky @GreenLatino @LULAC
Honored to speak at the 2017 Career Service Awards Ceremony at the U.S. International Trade Commission last week. I congratulate all of the employees and award winners for their invaluable public service and exemplary commitment to the economic strength of our country.
Happy to celebrate the 242nd Birthday of the U.S. Marine Corps this week with these outstanding Marines, including Staff Sergeant Angel Rodriguez from Northwest Indiana. Thank you to all of our military personnel for your bravery and service. #HappyBirthdayMarines
We must do all that we can to defend American steelworkers and stop the illegal trading practices of China.
Pleased to be able to talk with Secretary Perry and other members of the Nuclear Security Working Group about the Department of Energy’s important nuclear nonproliferation programs.
RT @aisisteel: Steel Caucus Urges @POTUS to Defend American Steel during Visit to China @RepRickCrawford @RepVisclo…
Pleased to speak with @WBEZ last week about the exciting work happening in Northwest Indiana to create jobs and transform our regional economy.
Pleased that my office was able to provide Mr. Ron Cortez, a Vietnam Veteran and Hamburger Hill survivor, a flag flown over the U.S. Capitol during the @QOVFoundation presentation ceremony at his residence today in Schererville.
We are currently in open enrollment period for coverage in 2018. Click the site below for information and do not hesitate to contact my Merrillville office at 219-795-1844 if you need any further information or assistance.
Today, the U.S. House of Representatives approved my legislation to designate the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore as a National Park. Below is a portion of my remarks made during the consideration of this measure.
I congratulate the Port of Indiana-Burns Harbor for successfully obtaining this federal grant. These federal funds will help improve their ability to create jobs and generate additional economic activity throughout our region and our state.
RT @aisisteel: Steel Caucus Urges President to Complete Steel Imports Investigation @RepVisclosky @RepBost @RepRickCrawford -
Last week I voted for additional emergency funding for FEMA to respond to the recent hurricanes and I will do all that I can to see that this assistance is delivered as expeditiously and effectively as possible.
According to @CDCgov, 1 in every 5 women and 1 in every 71 men have experienced rape in their lifetime. We must do more to prevent this dangerous trend from continuing. I encourage you to visit the CDC’s Sexual Violence page below for resources.
RT @NWIndianaLife: .@RepVisclosky @TeamGaryIndiana announced the @US_EDA awards grant to develop National Civil Rights Hall of Fame! htt…
Appreciate the opportunity to attend the opening of the new Lake Ridge Fire Protection District facility. I thank all those who supported this public safety improvement to our community and I thank the dedicated firefighters who are on call every day to keep our residents safe.
I am incredibly disappointed that Congress has allowed the authorization of CHIP to expire, putting the health insurance of 9 million children in the US at risk. We must not delay to work in a bipartisan fashion and get our work done.
Pleased to recently sit down with Keith Kirkpatrick on Lakeshore Focus. Stay tuned for the upcoming broadcast next week on October 13 at 7:30 p.m. via Lakeshore Public Television.
It is great to see how @IvyTechNW is partnering with local employers to ensure that Northwest Indiana has a workforce with the skills and talents to grow our regional economy. I enjoyed recently hearing about all of their good work at the Valparaiso campus.
Had a great discussion recently with the residents and guests at the Brentwood community in Hobart. I thank all the Brentwood staff for creating the opportunity for a productive conversation on the many important issues facing Northwest Indiana and our nation.
Click below to visit my website page dedicated to Hurricane Maria disaster response resources. Additionally, should you or any of your friends or relatives need any assistance, please do not hesitate to contact my Merrillville office at 219-795-1844.
Community health centers provide invaluable services to our region and countless individuals and families. That is why I am a cosponsor of H.R. 3770 and I will continue to do all that I can to ensure that the House considers this legislation asap.
Today I signed a letter to President Trump that urged him to deploy additional assets to support Puerto Rico and the USVI.  To stay up to date on my actions, click below and indicate that you would like to receive “Hurricane Relief E-Newsletter Updates”
If you or any of your relatives in PR/USVI need any assistance please contact my office at 219-795-1844.
RT @ACSCANIN: We had a GREAT meeting with @RepVisclosky this afternoon. Thanks for your time! #CancerLobbyDay
RT @martinezruckman: Thank you @RepVisclosky for standing with cities. #NLCDC
Now is the time to build upon the initial guiding principles of the Marquette Plan and realize the full economic potential of our shoreline.
RT @INGuardsman: Another milestone with our #NATO partners today!3 more years solidifying our partnership with Slovakia!#WeAreNATO #SPP…
RT @SenToddYoung: Very grateful @SecElaineChao spent the day in South Bend learning about the South Shore Line w/ @GovHolcomb, @RepWalorski…
RT @fema: If you’d like to help people affected by #Harvey, connect with trusted voluntary organizations by visiting:
Devastating news about Hurricane Harvey. We must continue to do all we can to support our fellow Americans.
RT @IBAtweet: Congressman @RepVisclosky sent letters of congratulations to the radio stations being honored today in the First Congressiona…
Pleased to see these fire departments collaborate to obtain this critical grant that will improve public safety.
Below is my statement in response to President Trump’s comments on the U.S. nuclear arsenal.
This is another great step forward for creating new economic opportunities and economic growth in our region. 
I congratulate Governor Holcomb and the Indiana Ports Commission for successfully securing these federal funds:
RT @SenDonnelly: Joe, @govholcomb, @sentoddyoung, @repvisclosky, Mayor Copeland, other leaders discuss East Chicago lead crisis w @HUDgov…
RT @GovHolcomb: This is an all-hands-on-deck approach. Glad to be with @RepVisclosky, @SenDonnelly, @SenToddYoung, Mayor Copeland and resid…
RT @steelworkers: Local 12775 met w/ Rep. Visclosky about legislation that impacts working people in Indiana. #USWWorks
I will continue to oppose anti Davis-Bacon amendments that undermine the ability of workers to earn fair wages.
RT @PurdueDC: .@LifeAtPurdue and @RepVisclosky share great pride in the contributions of @PurdueNorthwest to the community and economy of N…
Below is a clip of my opening remarks from today's House consideration of the Fiscal Year 2018 Defense Appropriations Act.
Appropriations Committee approved @RepBarbaraLee's bipartisan amendment. Congress must stop hiding from this debate.
RT @steelworkers: Thank you @Robert_Aderholt @RepVisclosky for championing #buyamerica in the interior appropriations today!
Appreciate the response of all federal, state, and local entities addressing the dangerous threat of Asian Carp.
Pleased to support @RepBarbaraLee AUMF amendment. Congress has Constitutional responsibility to develop clear and current policy objectives.
Recently met with Canadian MPs and discussed how we can build upon our trading partnership and address global steel overcapacity issues.
I hope that Congress will realize the value of improving the health care system through an open and fulsome debate.
We must do more to support and defend American unions.
RT @ValpoLife: #Indiana history has been made. Legislators and officials on @southshoreline Double Track @BlairMiloLP @RepVisclosky
It is great to see the extraordinary progress that is occurring along the Grand Calumet River as plant life and animals return.
Delivering remarks today as Appropriations Committee considers FY18 Defense Act that allocates funds for our brave men and women in uniform.
RT @nwi: Visclosky presses for Navy steel to be built in Burns Harbor:
Pleased to sign this letter to support strong Buy American policies in upcoming NAFTA renegotiation discussions.
I will continue to advocate for strong Buy America requirements to support national defense and dedicated workers.
My thoughts and prayers are with Capitol Police, my Congressional colleagues, staff members, and all impacted by this morning's shooting.
RT @INafterschool: BIG THANKS to @RepVisclosky for meeting up with @MCAS_SafeHarbor yesterday on the Hill at #A4Achallenge! #AfterschoolWor…
Thank you to all who participated in last week’s Military Academy Night. Click here for more info on how to apply:
RT @INHumanities: Thanks for taking the time to meet with us, @RepVisclosky. We're thankful for your continued support!
Pleased to announce the promotion of several staff members of the DC office who have ties to Northwest
The purpose of government is to protect people, not hurt them. I remain opposed to Republican health care legislation. #VoteNoAHCA
I encourage all students interested in attending a U.S. military academy to attend the 2017 Military Academy Night:
Proud that the future USS Indiana will carry forward both our brave sailors and the name of our great state. #IndianaChristening
This #WorkersMemorialDay, I thank all @steelworkers and manufacturing companies for rededicating themselves to prioritize safety every day.
RT @IUSA: Great meeting with @RepVisclosky about higher education and IU student issues!
RT @AWOAdvocacy: Thank you, @RepVisclosky, for meeting with AWO members and talking about the importance of the maritime industry. #AWObarg…
Appreciate the outstanding work of all of the organizers and participants in last week’s World Civility Day. #CivilityCounts
Greatly enjoyed touring @AllisonTrans facilities last week. I thank you for all of your great work to support American manufacturing.
Honored to attend a celebration for the recently formed State of Indiana National Guard Partnership with the Republic of Niger. @INGuardsman
Proud to speak this week at the 14th Biannual Nuclear Triad and Advanced Conventional Strike Symposium at @NAVSEACrane.
Proud to support the Paycheck Fairness Act because women deserve equal pay for the work they do.
Click below for all the information on the 2017 Congressional Art Competition: #CAC2017 #CongressionalArtCompetition
Appreciate the time of all of the panelists and attendees for being a part of this informative discussion.
It was great to meet this week with Hammond High School JROTC Students on the steps of the U.S. Capitol building.
You can also read my full statement on #AHCA on my website:
#AHCA does not improve the well-being of Americans. You can watch my full speech in opposition to the bill here:
I will be speaking in opposition to the #AHCA on the House floor shortly. You can watch it live on @cspan:
#AHCA is a bad deal for patients and providers.  I will oppose this legislation.
Thanks to the #ACA, 19 million people now have health insurance. GOP repeal bill would drop 24 million from their insurance plans.
