Thank you to Machine and Tool, Inc. in Jackson. Itwas a joy to discuss manufacturing and the economy with employees there.
As we approach Great Lakes Week, I'm pleased to work with @RepTimRyan on bipartisan legislation to strengthen efforts to protect the Great Lakes ecosystem.
Great to be in Somerset Township this morning visiting with constituents for coffee hour.
Thanks to Col Kothari and these young cadets from Michigan for stopping by my office today to share their experiences with the Civil Air Patrol.
The Second Amendment is a fundamental part of our nation’s founding and the rights afforded to our citizens. Today, I voted no on H.R. 8.
Now that a Medicare for All bill has been introduced, it's time for Energy and Commerce to hold a hearing so the American people can find out how this $32 trillion government-run plan will impact their health care.
As @lenaweecounty Sheriff Jack Welsh prepares to retire, I spoke on the House floor to recognize his more than 43 years of service to our community.
This is fantastic news for Michigan's economy and workforce. Pleased @FiatChrysler_NA's announcement includes an additional investment in the Dundee Engine Plant.
A big weekend for two great wrestling programs in our community: @DundeeWrestling and @hudsonwrestling. Congratulations on winning state championships!
Important read from @RepKevinBrady and @ChuckGrassley: Tax cuts are helping Americans keep more of their hard-earned money
Had a good discussion with members of the Grand Ledge Chamber today about issues facing small businesses in our community.
Thanks to everyone who joined us for coffee hour today at Columbia Township Hall.
@MarkPogliano @JaxCareerCenter Thanks for your hospitality and leadership on career and technical education.
The @JaxCareerCenter does such critical work preparing students for 21st century careers. Glad I could stop by tonight's open house.
@AdamLStockford It’s always great to be in Hillsdale!
Today marks the 100th day of the school year at Hillsdale Academy, and I enjoyed the opportunity to visit with students and staff. Welcome to new head of school, Dr. David Diener.
Stopped by @HillsdaleHosp this morning for an update on its health care services. Great tour of the newly remodeled specialty services unit as well as the private birthing center rooms.
ICYMI: My op-ed in @DetNewsOpinion: Let's continue the economic boom
Delighted to join local leaders at the Delta Township plant yesterday as @GM announced a new $36 million investment. Exciting news for the plant and its dedicated workers.
Fantastic to see new small businesses open up in downtown Jackson. Welcome to Sadie and David from Rustic Market Co.
Enjoyed speaking with members of the Eaton County Farm Bureau over the weekend. Great pancake breakfast!
RT @HouseGOP: Today we honor the leaders who have preserved freedom and opportunity, and made America the greatest country in the world. Ha…
Glad to meet the Fodors from Clarklake this week after their tour of the U.S. Capitol. If you are planning a trip, my office can help schedule tours ️
RT @repgregwalden: Congress should focus on lowering health care costs for consumers, increasing patient choice, giving states greater fl…
Lots of exciting things happening at the @JaxCareerCenter. ️
Pleased to see this new report from @NTIAgov on ways to improve the deployment of affordable broadband in rural America.
RT @GallupNews: A near-record-high 69% of Americans say they expect their financial situations to improve in the next year. 
Thanks to @LCCStars for stopping by my office today to discuss education and the importance of preparing students for success in the 21st century workplace.
RT @SRSLYchelsea: Thank you for meeting with our youth! #CADCAForum
Had the privilege of visiting @VAAnnArbor today in recognition of National Salute to Veteran Patients Week. We are so grateful for the service and sacrifice of our nation's veterans.
RT @cspan: U.S. House of Representatives observes a Moment of Silence for John Dingell, the longest-serving member of Congress in U.S. hist…
Throughout his lifetime of public service, John was a fierce advocate for the people of Michigan and was guided by a love of country. In this hour of mourning, may God provide comfort to @RepDebDingell and the entire Dingell family.
I count it a privilege to have served with John Dingell in the House and to represent a part of his former district. He was a towering figure in this institution and left a mark that few can match.
Standing with the #enditmovement today to raise awareness about human trafficking and redouble efforts to end this modern-day slavery. 
Thanks to members of the @MichFarmBureau for stopping by today. Had a good discussion on issues facing Michigan farmers and the important role agriculture plays in our community.
Glad to join the Communications and Technology Subcommittee on @HouseCommerce. As I said at our first hearing, I stand ready to work on bipartisan solutions to ensure a free and open internet and help close the digital divide.
RT @EdLaborGOP: Republican Leader @virginiafoxx talks with tipped workers who would lose their jobs in a $15 fed min wage hike. Oddly, they…
Met with an inspiring group of students today from @DrugFreeJxn, @SRSLYchelsea, and @SRSLYDexter. These young people are leaders in their schools working to prevent substance abuse among their peers.
President Trump’s message resonated throughout Michigan, speaking to the pocketbook and security concerns of hardworking families in our state. My #SOTU statement ️
No right is as foundational as the right to life. It must be cherished and protected. #SOTU
It is time to come together to address our aging infrastructure. Rebuilding Michigan’s roads and bridges is vital to our economy and quality of life. #SOTU
For too long we have neglected to address the crisis at the border. It is imperative that we enhance border security and keep our country safe. #SOTU
January marked the 100th consecutive month of positive job growth. We must continue to advance pro-growth policies so all Americans have an opportunity to secure a good-paying job. #SOTU
The state of our economy is strong. Tax reform and regulatory relief have created an opportunity for more Americans to succeed. #SOTU
I'm delighted to have Haley Petrowski with me for tonight's #SOTU address. Haley is an @AdrianCollege student and cyberbullying prevention advocate. Learn more about her story:
It was great to see the Saline community at Snowblast 2019 over the weekend to support the @FoundationSAS.
Looking forward to having Haley Petrowski, a student at @AdrianCollege, as my guest at the #SOTU. Having recently met with Haley, I am inspired by her courage and commitment to helping others.
RT @alzgmc: Thank you for your support, @RepWalberg ! We appreciate your partnership as we work to #ENDALZ
RT @Jefftuttle: A surpise visit today from Congressman Tim Walberg on "Drive Time With Jeff Tuttle" on Monroe's 98.3 Nash icon and was pres…
Good to visit with Vicky Loveland of the Monroe County Substance Abuse Coalition today. Grateful for their leadership on combating the opioid crisis.
Great meeting in Monroe today about the Walk To End Alzheimer’s, the #BOLDAlzheimersAct, and our shared commitment to fight this disease. #ENDALZ
Via @FoxBusiness: US employers added 304,000 jobs in January, soaring past expectations
It's time for Speaker Pelosi to stop stonewalling and get serious about negotiating. Let’s make sure our southern border is secure and our citizens are safe.
RT @EdLaborGOP: During the 116th Congress @RepRickAllen, @RepWalberg, @RepSmucker, @RepByrne, and  Rep. James Comer will serve as subcommit…
RT @JacksonCitPat: As record-low temperatures approach, here are 10 safety tips
Thanks to @MonroeMIChamber for hosting today's legislative luncheon and inviting me to give an update and answer questions.
Good meeting today with @MichFarmBureau to discuss agriculture issues with farmers from Lenawee, Monroe, and Washtenaw Counties.
Michigan and our nation has lost one of its bravest heroes. We are forever grateful for Lt. Col. Charles Kettles' incredible courage and selfless actions in service to our country.
It was a privilege to attend the MLK Dinner Celebration at @JacksonCollege over the weekend. Dr. King's legacy of freedom, justice, and opportunity continue to inspire our nation. #MLKDay
Welcomed several groups from #MI07 who are visiting Washington, DC for the March for Life tomorrow. Proud to stand with them to defend the sanctity of life. #whywemarch
It was great to join @RepRaskin and @IJ last week for a panel discussion on our bipartisan efforts to curb civil asset forfeiture abuse.
Enjoyed stopping by Milan High School today to visit with students and participate in their video class project.
Human trafficking knows no geographical boundary—it happens across the globe and, sadly, right in our backyards. Today, on #HumanTraffickingAwarenessDay, let’s redouble our efforts to protect the most vulnerable and put an end to this heinous crime.
RT @RepBobbyRush: Today, @RepWalberg and I introduced H.R. 362, the Energy Emergency Leadership Act. Read more about this bipartisan piece…
RT @ACUFforJustice: Great hearing from @RepWalberg at @IJ’s Hill briefing on Civil Asset Forfeiture, discussing ways to move reforms forwar…
Until the partial shutdown is resolved and the government reopened, I’ve asked that my pay be withheld.
Rather than more obstruction, it is time for Speaker Pelosi and her caucus to stop shortchanging border security. Let’s get serious about finding a solution that will keep America safe and put an end to this partial shutdown.
President Trump’s message tonight was clear: Safeguarding our southern border is imperative to national security. We have a responsibility to protect our country and our citizens.
It was a pleasure to meet with the Blaine family from Milan today during their visit to the Capitol. Thanks for stopping by our office!
Introduced bipartisan legislation with @PeterWelch to help states better identify Medicaid fraud and protect patients who are served by the program.
It is a tremendous honor to take the oath of office and have another chance to serve Michigan's 7th District in Congress.
Merry Christmas! May this holiday season bring you hope, joy, and special moments with family and friends.
Last night, with my support, the House passed legislation to increase funding for border security and ensure the government remains open. Now the Senate must act to pass the bill and show they are serious about safeguarding the border and protecting national security.
Glad to see @POTUS sign the #FarmBill into law to provide certainty to Michigan's hardworking farmers.
RT @EdWorkforce: As we continue to look back on ways this committee has made this country better, we want to highlight one of our biggest a…
Congratulations to these new cadets!
Thank you to everyone who joined us for coffee hour today in Coldwater.
We got a lot done this Congress that will help improve people’s lives in Michigan. Here are some highlights of what we accomplished, including five of my bills getting signed into law.
RT @WhiteHouse: Opportunity Zones are a key part of the tax cuts signed into law by President Trump last year. Nearly 35 million Americans…
Thankful for the men and women stationed overseas this holiday season. Joined with the @RedCross today to write Christmas cards to our troops and share our deep gratitude for their service.
Joining @Varneyco on @FoxBusiness to discuss our Michigan delegation meeting with GM CEO Mary Barra.
On the 77th anniversary of Pearl Harbor, we solemnly remember those who lost their lives that day and honor the men and women who answered our nation's call to service.
Congrats to MacKenzie Bucki from @AirportSchools on winning this year's Congressional App Challenge. Her app shows a tremendous creative spirit and commitment to helping those in her community.
Of the many pictures I could share of attending the funeral of President George H.W. Bush, none is so special as the picture of the President’s casket draped with the flag of the nation he humbly served and loved. It says it all. Rest In Peace, Mr. President. #Remembering41
Commissioner Jim Driskill is a dedicated public servant who has made @lenaweecounty a better place to call home. Grateful for his commitment to our community.
America has lost an exemplary patriot and public servant. Sue and I send our condolences to the Bush family as we mourn the loss of a true statesman.
I'll never forget the first time our entire family met President Bush in Michigan. He was as warm and friendly as could be. He asked about our kids and even took time to offer my daughter an autograph. He had a special persona that was all about others.
In a lifetime dedicated to service, in so many important roles, George H.W. Bush rose to the occasion in whatever America asked of him. President Bush guided our nation with honor, integrity, and an unwavering commitment to our founding values.
Honored to receive the “Champion of Retirement Security” award from @IRIonline. Every American should be empowered to retire with financial security and peace of mind.
Saddened by the loss of my friend and constituent, Christopher Risner from Jackson. I met him though a group called Andy’s Angels, which fights the opioid epidemic in our community. May God provide comfort to the Risner family.
Small businesses are an incredible source of jobs and opportunity that make our communities stronger. On #SmallBizSat, don't forget to #ShopSmall and support our local economy.
Good luck to @ChelseaBulldogs, @LumenChristiJxn, and @reading_rangers in today's football state championships at Ford Field. We're cheering for you! #MI07
Wishing you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving. May it be a special day spending time with loved ones and reflecting on our many blessings. We have much to be thankful for as Americans.
Enjoyed speaking this morning with participants of Leadership Jackson, a professional development program organized by the @JxnMIChamber.
Heartwarming Adoption Day story in today's @monroenews. Thankful for the families who opened their hearts and homes.
Glad to be in Monroe today to see the St. Joseph Center of Hope open its doors. This new crisis intervention center will offer a helping hand to people struggling with addiction.
Wishing a happy 100th birthday to Jack McClary, a World War II veteran from Milan. What a remarkable life of service. It was a privilege to join with family and friends at his 100th birthday celebration yesterday at VFW Post 423.
On #NationalAdoptionDay, we celebrate the children and families who have experienced the joy of adoption. May we continue raising awareness on behalf of children still in need of a permanent, loving home.
Great to have Mr. Walters and Close Up students from Dundee High School stop by my office today. Enjoyed visiting with this engaged group of students.
We are forever grateful for the men and women who sacrifice so much in service to America and the freedoms we hold dear. God bless our nation's veterans. #VeteransDay
Wonderful ceremony at @bakercollege in Jackson last night to honor veterans in our community. Thank you and congratulations to Dave Welihan on his retirement after 15 years with the Jackson County Department of Veterans Affairs.
Joined a panel of local officials and advocates today at the Tri-County Opioid Awareness Summit in Dimondale. Working together, we can fight back against the opioid crisis that is devastating communities across Michigan.
Stopped by the Business Expo at the Adrian Armory yesterday. It was a great event showcasing what Lenawee County has to offer.
Glad to be a part of yesterday’s chartering ceremony for the Hillsdale Civil Air Patrol. Congrats to the cadets and everyone involved in bringing this program to Hillsdale.
Really enjoyed spending time at the Bedford Township veterans center and senior center today. Thanks to both groups for their hospitality!
RT @MarketWatch: The jobs market remains hot, and wages are climbing at their fastest pace in more than nine years
Packed house at the Dundee Business Summit today. Had the chance to talk about our work to boost take-home pay, create good-paying jobs, and increase economic opportunity in our local communities.
ICYMI via @monroenews: Opioid bill with Walberg and Dingell provisions has been signed
It's always great to see new small businesses setting up shop in the 7th District. Stopped by PostNet in downtown Jackson yesterday, which just opened its doors last week.
Via @CNBC: Wages and salaries jump by 3.1%, highest level in a decade
Had a great tour of Career Quest Learning Centers in Jackson today. Enjoyed meeting with students, alumni, and staff to hear about their career education initiatives that help prepare people for real world jobs.
Enjoyed spending time with students and staff at @tecumsehschools today. Thanks for having me!
Stopped by the Clinton Police Department on Saturday for National #TakeBackDay. Grateful to law enforcement, Michigan OPEN, and all the community organizations for their work to safely dispose of these unused drugs.
Our nation mourns and is praying for the Jewish community in Pittsburgh who were impacted by today's senseless act of evil. Such hatred has no place in America.
Today is National #TakeBackDay, an opportunity to safely dispose of unused drugs at sites across #MI07. Find one near you:
Glad I could tour @stjoes_health in Chelsea to discuss health care and tackling the opioid crisis. They are one of many local groups helping organize a #TakeBackDay event tomorrow:
Good meeting with President Quartey today at @monroeccc and learning more about their culinary skills and management program.
It was great to be at last night's Chelsea Chamber dinner to recognize community contributions and achievement. Congrats to Jeff Hardcastle and Gary Munce on your awards!
An inspiring ceremony today to recognize the first graduates of Hillsdale County's drug treatment court.
This Saturday, October 27 is National #TakeBackDay with drop off locations across Michigan. Find a site in #MI07 near you:
Via @wtvbradio: Trump signs Walberg opioid legislation into law
This landmark law will help save lives in the fight against the opioid crisis. Honored to be at the White House today as @POTUS signed it into law.
Glad to see @POTUS sign this water infrastructure bill into law today. It will strengthen Michigan's economy and ports throughout our state, including the Port of Monroe.
It was great to meet with @LenaweeNow today to discuss career and technical education, economic development, and growing opportunity in our community.
Had the opportunity to visit the site of ProMedica Farms in Tecumseh, which grows produce, promotes health and wellness education, and provides rehabilitative services.
RT @lenaweecherry: U.S. Rep. Tim Walberg, R-Tipton, visited Hudson Area Schools today to see its programs in action, as well as tour the re…
Thanks to Principal Beard for welcoming me to @hudson_schools today. Enjoyed speaking with a great group of students.
Great tour of @_SMCSI in Hudson today to see the exciting opportunities they offer students. There are multiple pathways to rewarding careers, and it's critical we invest in skills-based education.
Enjoyed visiting Ferry Farms, a fourth generation family farm in Litchfield, earlier this week. Grateful for farmers like Scott and Ali who contribute so much to our communities.
Had a good tour and discussion about manufacturing today at Sport Truck USA in Coldwater. Thanks for showing me around your facility.
Thanks to the Coldwater Chamber for hosting today's small business roundtable. We had a good discussion on strengthening skills-based education and growing our local economy.
Enjoyed stopping by JAXPO today and visiting with local small businesses and community organizations. Each year, it's a great event by @JxnMIChamber to showcase all that Jackson has to offer.
Great to grab a cup of coffee and catch up with Alan Wade of the Jackson Blazer.
Met with SOAR Café Farms today to learn more about their program in Jackson County to support survivors of trafficking, addiction, and incarceration.
Stopped by Lansing Community College for a tour of their Electrical Technology Program. There is high demand for skilled trades professionals and these types of programs provide critical hands-on experience for students. #CareersinEnergyWeek
Via @WSJ: U.S. Is World’s Most Competitive Economy for First Time in a Decade
Spoke to the Rotary Club of Grand Ledge today about our work to address the opioid crisis, strengthen workforce development, and grow the economy. Thanks for having me!
Had a great discussion with Annherst Kreitz of @FoundationSAS and Tim Austin of the @SalineSchools board. A quality education sets a strong foundation for future success.
Enjoyed visiting and meeting everyone at Milan Middle School. Thanks for having me!
Great turnout at today's Job Fair organized by @CityofSaline, @SalineChamberMI, @SalineSchools, and @DowntownSaline. Encouraging to see so many employers hiring new workers.
Via @CNBC: Another great sign for the economy: Job openings hit an all-time high in August
Spent the morning with some wonderful students, teachers, and administrators at Milan Middle School. Thank you @SSpickard for inviting me and for all you do for our kids. #NationalPrincipalsMonth
Reminder: The deadline to submit an app for the 2018 @CongressionalAC is just days away. More details →
Great to be in Saline tonight for the high school football game between @SalineAthletics and @mhs_trojans. Before the game, it was an honor to present Coach Al Leslie with a special tribute for being named the ALL-USA Boys Track and Field Coach of the Year. Congrats!
The Great Lakes are a treasured asset for Michigan and our country. Glad to work with @RepTimRyan on bipartisan legislation to strengthen efforts to protect the Great Lakes ecosystem.
Met with staff and residents of Legacy Assisted Living Center in Jackson today to discuss issues important to seniors and their families.
Such great news and an answer to prayer. Thank you President Trump, Secretary Pompeo and all those who worked to secure Pastor Brunson's release.
Happy #NationalFarmersDay to all the hardworking farmers in Michigan who provide an abundant food supply for us all. We're grateful for everything you do.
Had a great time visiting with everyone at today's community picnic in @VillageofDundee.
Next Tuesday, the @CityofSaline, @SalineChamberMI, @SalineSchools, and @DowntownSaline are hosting a Job Fair for the community. More details here →
Enjoyed speaking with government students this morning at @SMCCMonroe. An impressive group—thanks for having me!
RT @RepTimRyan: The Great Lakes are a vital resource and strategic advantage for our region, bringing jobs and clean water to all Ohioans.…
This water infrastructure bill is critical for Michigan's economy and ports throughout our state, including the Port of Monroe. Glad it will soon become law.
In Litchfield today for a groundbreaking with Michigan Hub and Independent Barley Malt. Encouraging news that will increase economic opportunity in our community.
Thanks to the Rotary Club of Charlotte for hosting me today. Had the opportunity to discuss our work to fight the opioid crisis, grow the economy, and put more money in people's pockets.
Glad to take part in Manufacturing Day last week in Jackson. It's critical we invest in skills-based education and encourage students to pursue careers in manufacturing. #MFGDay18
Enjoyed visiting with students from Jackson School of the Arts and seeing the renovations underway at their new location.
@jburgett34 @JxnMIChamber Thank you for attending!
Great discussion with @JxnMIChamber today about growing jobs and helping small businesses in our community succeed. Thanks for having me!
After touring local manufacturers, I had the opportunity to speak with students at @JacksonCollege about career and technical education and investing in a skilled workforce. #MFGday18
In Michigan, we have a long and rich tradition of manufacturing. Today, to celebrate #MFGday18, I toured Classic Metal Finishing and Melling Tool in Jackson along with local students and educators.
Spent time in Washtenaw County yesterday with @RepDebDingell, @EPAGreatLakes, and state and local officials to discuss PFAS contamination. We need to work together, all hands on deck, to address this issue and protect public health.
More great economic news → The unemployment rate just dropped to 3.7%, the lowest rate we've seen in 49 years.
@Ariel_Kennedy91 Thank you for stopping by!
RT @FoxBusiness: US wage growth hits 17-month
This bipartisan package, which includes two of my bills, will help Michigan communities fight the opioid crisis. Glad it will soon become law.
Great to visit with the Kiwanis Club of Adrian today and recognize the incoming and outgoing officers. Thanks for all you do for our community.
The Great Lakes Restoration Initiative is a critical program for Michigan's economy. I'll continue fighting to keep it fully funded.
Proud to work with @RepDebDingell on this bipartisan energy bill to ease red tape and help families in Michigan. Together, we got it signed into law.
This week, the House passed legislation, including my bill, to help more Americans save for and have peace of mind in their retirement years.
Cutting taxes has helped small businesses grow and hardworking families keep more of what they earn. Today we voted to make those tax cuts permanent.
This bipartisan legislative package will help our communities fight back against the deadly opioid crisis. Glad it passed the House today.
RT @HouseCommerce: @repgregwalden @boblatta .@RepWalberg is now discussing Jessie's Law - learn more about this important provision in this…
Honored to receive @NFIB's Guardian of Small Business Award. Main Street businesses contribute so much to our community, and I am proud to stand in their corner.
Congratulations to Coach Josh Powers from @Trojans_Madison on this well-deserved recognition of the girls track program.
This bipartisan agreement is another critical step in our fight against the opioid epidemic.
It is an honor to recognize Emily Wilburn of Jackson as this year's Angel in Adoption. In both her personal and professional life, she is a bright light on behalf of children in need.
Today, I spoke with students at Adrian High School about the dangers of drug addiction and our bipartisan efforts to combat the opioid crisis. Thank you to the panelists who joined us and shared their stories and insights.
Thank you for stopping by!
Via @CNBC: Consumer confidence rises to highest level in 18 years
Enjoyed speaking with the Hillsdale County Chamber yesterday about combating the opioid epidemic, supporting small businesses, and spurring new job growth. Thanks for having me!
Michigan is home to so many great manufacturing companies. Today, I had an informative tour of Cobra Moto in Hillsdale and enjoyed meeting their hardworking team.
It was an honor to take part in a ceremony at the Hillsdale County Fair to recognize this year's Veteran of the Year and pay tribute to our local heroes.
Thank you to Ross Design Engineering in Cement City for your hospitality this week. We had a great discussion about the issues that matter to workers.
Many of us have a friend or loved one who has Alzheimer's. It is a devastating disease that affects millions of Americans, and we must continue advancing research to find a cure. #ENDALZ
Joined with local veterans at @VAAnnArbor for a #POWMIARecognitionDay ceremony to honor and remember the service members who have yet to return home. They are not forgotten.
Via @wxyzdetroit: US reps from Michigan introduce bipartisan bill dealing with PFAS contamination
RT @jennwolfehoward: Thank you @RepWalberg for attending the Lenawee County Walk To End Alzheimers, for your continued support and for Co-s…
Glad to see the Senate pass my legislation with @RepDebDingell to combat the opioid crisis. It's a bipartisan priority to get this package to the President's desk.
RT @K1053Jackson: Looking for a job or maybe thinking about a career change? Visit our Job Fair at Baker College tomorrow from 11am-6pm, wi…
RT @HouseCommerce: members introduce PFAS Federal Facility Accountability Act, increasing cooperation between states with PFAS contamin…
Thanks to the team at The Fuerstenau Agency in Delta Township for your hospitality today.
Today we celebrate the Constitution's 231st anniversary and the freedoms it affords us as Americans. #ConstitutionDay
RT @RepFredUpton: Joined my colleagues @RepDebDingell, @RepWalberg, @RepDanKildee in introducing the PFAS Federal Facility Accountability…
Had a good discussion on ag policy today with Jim Mott, a sixth-generation farmer of Mott Farms in Olivet.
Sue and I were grateful to participate in today’s Lenawee County Walk to End Alzheimer’s. Thanks to @AlzMGLC for organizing such a powerful event. #ENDALZ #walk2endalz
Beautiful day to enjoy the outdoors at the Pointe Mouillee Waterfowl Festival.
Sue and I had a great time last night at the 13th annual Blue Jean Ball to support the Boys Girls Club of Lenawee.
This week, @HouseCommerce advanced my bipartisan bill to combat Medicaid fraud and protect beneficiaries from abuse. Now heads to House floor.
The Congressional App Challenge is back again this year. It's a wonderful opportunity for students to learn coding and computer science skills. More details → #Congress4CS
