Thank you Mr. President for such a quick response to this disaster in our state.  I know your support is appreciated by those impacted by these deadly storms.
I am deeply saddened about the storms in our state Sunday and the lives those storms took.   I ask you to please join me in praying for the families of those who were killed, those who were hurt and those who had their homes and lives destroyed.
There is not a corner of our state that has not benefited from Senator Shelby’s service in the United States Senate.   I wish him many more days of service to our state and to our nation ahead!
I want to congratulate @SenShelby on becoming Alabama’s longest serving senator.  Almost 12 thousand days in the United States Senate is remarkable in and of itself, but the impact Senator Shelby has had on Alabama during this time makes it even more so.
RT @US_FDA: During today’s hearing, Rep. @Robert_Aderholt asks Commissioner @SGottliebFDA about age limits on tobacco product sales.
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: If Republicans had pulled such a stunt -- the mainstream media would be outraged!
80% of Americans believe late term abortions are wrong:  Senate Dems block 'born alive' protection bill after Trump admin partially defunds Planned Parenthood - Yellowhammer News | Yellowhammer News
Suppliers from nearly every state in the nation came to DC to support @NASA_SLS and @NASA_Orion , the exploration systems which will take us back to the Moon and beyond.  @NASA @NASA_Marshall
Mrs. Easterwood did a great job!
Congratulations to the @aafiron on their great debut showing!  1-0!
The Democrats’ new ‘Green Deal’ will provide a living wage to those “unwilling to work.”  This is not what we should want our children to aspire to grow up and become, “unwilling to work.”  But this plan encourages just that.
This pretty much speaks for itself.  The @realDonaldTrump speech was not just well received by most in the chamber but across the country. The same poll showed 72% agree with his immigration plan, so I say to my colleagues, let’s get to it!
I'm glad to see that the @USDA is reining in abuse of SNAP benefit waivers that allowed able bodied individuals with no children, to receive benefits without having to work. If you are able to work have no dependents, you should be working as a requirement for those benefits.
Today I joined President Trump in the Oval Office as he signed an executive order that will strengthen "Buy American" provisions that I have championed.  Government funded infrastructure projects being built with American tax dollars should be built with American made products.
@FUN927 Congratulations Michael!
In the rush to claim victory to deny initial funding for Border Security I wonder if the Democrats will remember their pledge to negotiate w/the White House to address what is a very real problem?Three weeks is not long enough to take a victory lap AND negotiate a solution...
Let the countdown to liftoff begin! Proud to see @ULAlaunch move forward on the #VulcanCentaur with engine supplier @BlueOrigin right here in Alabama. #MadeinAlabama
For far too long, foreign countries have levied significantly higher tariffs on the U.S. ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ understands these types of acts are unjust. The U.S. Reciprocal Trade Act would provide the President leverage to lower their unfair tariffs.
This morning, 214 Democrats denied furloughed DHS employees immediate pay. Democrats continue to use the suffering of our public servants as a political tool to keep them away from the negotiating table. For the third time now, Democrats prove they aren’t looking for solutions.
It was great being on this morning with @AunieLindenberg and with @ScottBeason.  We talked about the shutdown, the SOTU and what’s it like working with some of the new members of Congress.
The President is offering solutions to the shutdown and continues to show a spirit of negotiation. This is in sharp contrast to Congressional Democrats who reject ideas before they’ve even heard them.
Today, thousands of Americans joined together to mark the 46th anniversary of a terrible moment in American history – Roe V Wade. We mourn the loss of 60 million unborn children since 1973.  We must continue to fight for these children who do not have a voice of their own.
The @realDonaldTrump plans are a comprehensive response to a growing threat.  I support his plan for additional GBI interceptorsand for developing assets in space.
A nice picture from this morning as Marshall County Judge Mitch Floyd was sworn in by his son with his daughter holding the Bible.
Congratulations to @GovernorKayIvey on her inauguration to a full term as our governor.
Tonight, @realDonaldTrump made clear to the nation the immediate humanitarian crisis that faces our southern border. I share the President’s concerns and fully support funding for the border wall. Read my full statement
Merry Christmas!
Apollo 8 50th Anniversary!  Merry Christmas!   @NASA_Marshall @nasa
@JohnHMerrill Thank you for filling in for me tonight, John ...wouldn’t want to miss a vote to support building @realDonaldTrump Border Wall!
Tonight the House voted to stand with President Trump, approving the money he requested to secure our southern border.  An open borders policy is not putting our nation’s best interests at the forefront.
Congratulations to the Gilley brothers from Ballplay. Their Christmas display won the Great Christmas Light Fight on ABC and $50,000!
RT @NASA_Marshall: After being loaded onto the @NASA barge Pegasus last week, the largest piece of structural test hardware for America's n…
Good advice
Such a great event as I joined @SecretarySonny to announced the @USDA new ReConnect Program which will connect rural areas that currently have insufficient broadband service. I worked with my colleagues to secure $600 million to fund this program.
I was proud to vote today for the Farm Bill.  It was a vote for both farmers and consumers.  There is not a single person that farming does not impact.  Farming Feeds (and clothes) Alabama and America.
RT @yhn: Valor’s Voice helps Alabama veterans visit National World War II Museum By @sean_yhn
Congratulations to the Fyffe Red Devils, 2A State Champs!
I’m proud to announce that Cullman will receive a $14 million grant to finally finish the 4-laning of Highway 157 through the city. This is vital not only for economic growth but the hospital is right in the middle of the congestion on this highway.
I applaud this new flexibility.  This is exactly what I have been working toward for the past five years. The old rules, put in place during the previous Administration,  drove the cost of the food up, while pushing participation down.
Go Albertville!     How an Alabama company is getting President George H.W. Bush to his final resting place
RIP 41
RTR!  Congratulations to @AlabamaFTBL   Another great game with the Bulldogs.  That could have been the actual National Championship game right there.  SEC! SEC! SEC!
I’m very sorry to hear of the passing of former President George H.W. Bush. He was not only our 41st President, but a hero of WWII who was the epitome of the Greatest Generation.
RT @RepKayGranger: The hard work to reform the committee begins today.  I am looking forward to fighting for conservative values and holdin…
I would like to congratulate @RepKayGranger on winning  Ranking Member for Appropriations. We were elected the same year and know that she is a solid Member who has the experience that seniority brings to solve complex problems.
RT @JimBridenstine: In case there is any confusion, @NASA will NOT be retiring @NASA_SLS in 2022 or any foreseeable date. It is the backbon…
Snowy morning in Washington.
Praying for these players.    5 Oakman High School football players hospitalized after locker room wall collapse
Always great to be on with @MikeDubberlyGDA on Good Day Alabama.
I Voted stickers are good, but I Voted cookies are even better.  #GoVote #ElectionDay2018
Such a great honor to be asked to speak at today’s Cullman County Veterans Day event.  The men and women who have served our country in the armed forces have our utmost respect and admiration.  Thank you all for your service.
Thank you for inviting me tonight to be the keynote speaker at the East Alabama Regional Planning and Development Council. This organization and the ones like it across Alabama are unsung heroes in improving quality of life across our state.
Wallace State is helping to improve lives and grow economic opportunities. Thank you for inviting my staff to today’s Investment Luncheon.  @wallacestate
RT @SanfordBishop: Chairman Aderholt I wrote to Chairman Frelinghuysen Ranking Member Lowey urging passage of a disaster approps bill t…
Congratulations to my friend and ⁦@CullmanEMA⁩ director Phyllis Little.  Local Cullman EMA’s Little wins prestigious 2018 IAEM-USA Clayton R. Christopher Memorial Award | The Cullman Tribune
My sincere condolences for the lives lost today at the synagogue in Pittsburgh.  I offer my prayers to the families of those who have been lost. “God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.” psalm 46:1.
Thanks to Dr. Lavender and everyone @gadsdenstate for the tour today and update on the new science center.
From time to time we like to put an upbeat video together to show off Alabama's 4th District and our work for the district. Here is a look at 2018 so far, with some musical help from the great Drake White, who is a Hokes Bluff native.  
Last year my office helped secure $2 million in grants for fire departments across the Fourth Congressional District.  They put their lives at risk to save life and property.  Thank you for your service.
I enjoyed speaking tonight to the Etowah Country Fire Association banquet.  These are the people you will see on some of the worst days of your life, but we are so very thankful they are there.
What a blessing and great experience visiting the Eagles Wings day-hab facility in Coker today. Wonderful people.
Speaking today to student leaders from both Auburn and Alabama inside Bryant-Denny stadium.  #betterrelationsday
Great to meet with @BamaCRs tonight in Tuscaloosa.
RT @SenPhilWilliams: My favorite video of the year! My son is home from a 10 month deployment to Korea! His dog sees him for the first time…
Alabama is home to some of the most dedicated and hardworking people- farmers. Agriculture is the backbone of our state and on #NationalFarmersDay, Alabama and our nation, thank all farmers for their tireless work.
First the temperature finally feels like fall and then a trailer load of pumpkins pulls up outside our Cullman office! #fall #pumpkins #cullman
Always a great time attending the Marshall County RSVP volunteer appreciation event. A great group of people doing so much great work in the community.
The combined bands from Geraldine and Sylvania High Schools in DeKalb County performed on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial this morning.  And let me just say, they did a fantastic job!  Everyone was impressed!
I am pleased to see that it looks as if Judge Kavanaugh will be confirmed to the Supreme Court.  He has served as a federal judge for more than a decade with honor and I believe he will bring that same integrity to our nation’s highest court.
We landed a man on the moon in 1969, one of America’s greatest moments. It was also the last time the unemployment rate was this low.  We are also planning to return to the moon on to Mars.  #MAGA. It’s more than just a hashtag. ⁦@realDonaldTrump⁩ 
I’d like to welcome @BetsyDeVosED to Tuscaloosa and the wonderful @RiseSchool
It’s always great to meet with the @cullmanchamber during their annual fly-in to Washington. A great group of folks.
President Eisenhower created NASA on this day in 1958, 60 years ago.  And while NASA might be six decades old, it continues to innovate and lead the world, keeping America first and foremost in space exploration.  Happy Birthday @NASA    @NASA_Marshall  @NASA_SLS
Today is National VFW Day. And I can’t think of anyone better to honor on this day than Walter Dempster, former State Commander V.F.W. Arab Post 6226. Dempster, a Marine who served in Vietnam, passed away earlier this week. #nationalvfwday
Ridiculous. The Senate should not delay the confirmation of Kavanaugh another day.
No better place than Alabama to build engines and rockets!
Congratulations to @ulalaunch @blueorigin on their rocket engine agreement.  The Vulcan Centaur will combine ULA’s advanced manufacturing 100% success-record with Blue Origin’s bold responsible innovations in propulsion, specifically the LOX/LNG BE-4 engine.
The @uscensusbureau has released data showing the median household income has increased 5.1% since 2016 in Alabama’s 4th Congressional District. Thanks to pro-growth policies like the #TaxCutsandJobsAct our economy is booming and poised to get even stronger.
Yesterday, I was honored to be recognized as a ‘Guardian of Small Business’ by @NFIB. Alabama is home to more than 380,000 small businesses and I’m proud to support them as they continue to help grow our booming economy.
I enjoyed meeting with Cullman native and Interim Chancellor of the University of Alabama System, Fess St. John, this morning. Chancellor St. John and I are committed to partnering with industries around the state to provide students more workforce opportunities upon graduation.
ICYMI: Last night a bipartisan group of congressional leaders announced an agreement on comprehensive legislation to combat the opioid crisis. I applaud the leaders for their work and look forward to passing this vital piece of legislation.
This evening I had the best time co-hosting the Catfish Farmers of America’s Catfish Fry with the Catfish Farmers of America. Alabama is home to the best catfish and I’m proud to support our local farmers.
Our office was proud to be able to have an American flag flown over the United States Capitol at the request of students at Fairview Elementary in Cullman County.
RT @JohnHMerrill: Today is National Voter Registration Day! It is our desire to ensure that each and every eligible US citizen, that is a r…
Thanks for sharing this.  It’s great!!
RT @SecPompeo: We'll ensure those with a fire of faith in their hearts can exercise their God-given right to express it. From Iranian Chris…
As we continue to battle the ongoing opioid epidemic, I am announcing today that more than one million dollars will be going to health care facilities that serve the 4th District, specifically to combat opioid addiction.  We will win this war! #OpioidEpidemic
I am proud to work with President Trump in fulfilling his mission to support rural America. These funds invest in jobs that help drive rural Alabama and provide a good quality of
Great being on Good Day Alabama on @WBRCnews with @MikeDubberlyGDA talking about the issues of the day.
A further sign that the economy is back on track and growing under President @realDonaldTrump is the record low in unemployment and increased wage growth. More are on the way as @UPS just announced they are scheduled to hire 100,000 seasonal workers for good paying jobs.
Congratulations to @ulalaunch on the 130th successful launch of the Delta II rocket Saturday, carrying NASA’s ICESat2 satellite (built by @northropgrumman ).  An unmatched record of successful flights.
Congratulations to Jody Singer on being appointed director of the @NASA_Marshall As a manager of SLS, formerly team leader for the Space Shuttle Columbia Return to Flight activities, Jody has the experience the know-how to put safety first to keep big programs on schedule.
As folks in the Carolinas brace themselves for Hurricane #Florence, crews from @AlabamaPower other electric co-ops utilities are on stand-by as they prepare to restore power to those effected. I applaud their work stand with my fellow Alabamians ready to lend a helping hand
There will be a job fair in Vernon this Friday at the city complex. Mayor Crawford asked that we share this and spread the word about these potential opportunities.
None of us who experienced that day will ever forget it.  #911Anniversary #WeWillNeverForget
Worth following this thread today and on every September 11th ... #NeverForget
I applaud my colleagues’ efforts and look forward to continuing this commitment to the American people.
Today, the @HouseAppropsGOP filed its first “minibus” funding bill. For the first time in 10 years, Congress will send more than one funding bill to the President’s desk before the end of the fiscal year- proving the return of “regular order”.
It was such a wonderful experience celebrating Patriots Day with the American Legion in Hackleburg. Thank you for the invitation.
I always enjoy attending the NACOLG annual fish fry.  NACOLG makes a difference in people’s lives everyday.
Securing $600 million for rural broadband wasn’t the end of our mission, but just the beginning. Today we are talking about the next steps to bring broadband to all of Alabama. @GovernorKayIvey @MacDistrict25 @ALConservative
I met with constituents and local leaders this morning at Kelly’s Kitchen in Rainsville.  Great conversation and great food.
The strength of the American economy, and the American consumer, comes with a lot of negotiating power.  Power that has too often not been used, to the detriment of American workers.  Those days are over.
All throughout the 2016 campaign, Democrats laughed at the idea we could renegotiate our trade deals.  With this important step towards a new NAFTA deal, President @realDonaldTrump has once again proven these critics wrong.
I would also be remiss not to mention his unwavering support for making sure we have the strongest military in the world. His life was dedicated to public service.
I’m sorry to hear of the death of Senator John McCain.  He and so many other American military personnel survived an existence as a POW in Vietnam that most of us could never imagine.  My prayers to his family during this difficult time.
Sara Lang, a freshman at Alabama, has won the Congressional Award’s bronze medal for her service to her community. This is not an easy award to achieve. We think she might be the first ever from the 4th District. Congratulations Sara.
Best of luck to all of Alabama’s Fourth Congressional District’s high school football teams as they kickoff the new football season tonight! I especially want to wish the @AHS_Rams luck as they host their first home game in their new stadium tonight. #RamNation
Today I was honored to receive the Champion Award by the Boys and Girls Club of Alabama.
Since it’s completion, Interstate 22 has proved that Alabama’s Fourth Congressional District is open for business.
This morning Carbon Hill received some great news! Carbon Hill will be home to the next Rolling T Truck Stop on Interstate 22. The project will lead to a dozen new jobs and the expansion of future commerce in the area.
It was great being in studio today with @DonDaileyAPT for an interview for @CapitolJournal. A small portion will air tomorrow night and will run in its entirety August 31 at 8pm on @APTV
I remain focused on the positives this administration has delivered on economic growth, rolling back overreaching government regulations and acting like the super-power we are.
Many on the left want to jump on these Cohen and Manafort cases as if it is also an automatic conviction of the President. The reality is that we don’t know what impact, if any, this will have on the President. They are just grasping at anything.
I applaud these changes. They will protect the environment while also protecting Alabama jobs. The Obama era rules were overreaching and job killing.
It’s always fun to get to drop by WRAB in Arab and visit with Archie Anderson, especially during “America’s Favorite Program,” the Helping Hand. I hope I can do it again soon.
Alabama and the 4th District are open for business. More Alabamians are working and making more than they have in 11 years. No doubt we are #BetterOffNow due to our Republican pro-growth agenda. Thanks, but you can keep your socialism.
Two of the top five counties in Alabama with record low unemployment are right here in the 4th District. Cullman County, where we just recently attended another business expansion at Royal Technologies, and Marshall County.  Cullman is at 3.5% and Marshall 3.7%
Good morning Oakman!  Just one of the many great communities in the 4th District.
The music world has lost a legend in Aretha Franklin.  One of her most famous song, RESPECT, was recorded right here in the 4th District on February 14, 1967. And what a Valentine gift it was. Her voice was one of the many that gave richly to the Muscle Shoals Music.
There is not a country on earth that has done more good for more people than America. This country most definitely has been great, and thanks to President Trump, we are going to be great again. 
The Fourth Congressional District is the largest poultry producing district in Alabama. I’m thrilled to know that Koch Foods is further investing in our community and our hard working people of the District.
If the outcome had been different in November of 2016, the outcome for these Alabama miners would be completely different today.  #MAGA #makecoalgreatagain @realDonaldTrump
This Summer I had the privilege to work alongside these young leaders who recently completed their internships in my D.C. office. I greatly appreciate their work and the dedication these outstanding, young Alabamians did on behalf of the 4th Congressional District.
The Black Sea Area Support Team is serving in Romania - a long way from home and loved ones. While we couldn’t send black-eyed peas, collard greens or sweet tea, we did send an Alabama state flag to let them how much they are appreciated. May God bless them and the USA!
It was my pleasure to help honor Judge Horton.
Need proof that the tax cuts Congress passed is working? Ask the 1.5 million people that have new jobs since it passed.  Economy is on pace to hit 3% annual growth as businesses expand and create jobs...what a difference a new president can make @realdonaldtrump #MAGA
Pastor Brunson’s imprisonment is a clear example of how Turkey continues to move in the wrong direction. I applaud @realDonaldTrump to stand-up against Christian persecution.
The American economy continues to thrive because of @POTUS’ pro-growth policies. Alabama is #BetterOffNow because of President Trump. #MAGA
Today I spoke about the importance of religious belief at ⁦⁦@Heritage⁩. The American pastor wrongfully detained in Turkey recent efforts to ban faith-based groups from adoption services shows now more than ever we must protect such an important right for our democracy.
Today the @HouseAppropsGOP passed its 12th and final appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2019, the Homeland Security funding bill. The bill includes $5 billion for new border wall construction and security. I am proud to help @POTUS keep his promise to build the Wall.
Alabama’s 4th District knows football better than any other district. Thanks to a local artist, Aaron Sullivan, students at Cullman’s Parkside Elementary School will be “kicking off” their school year ready to learn.Countdown to @AlabamaFTBL: 38 days
I have always supported Alabama farmers. That’s why I support @POTUS’ decision today to stand by our nation’s farmers who are suffering from unjust and illegal trade retaliation. Read my full statement
Happy to meet @al_ffa officers this morning. It’s always good to hear from our young leaders in agriculture. #NextGenAg
Today, I attended the @WhiteHouse’s ‘Made in America’ exhibit featuring @redlandcotton from Moulton, AL. Alabama small businesses and American manufactures are making a strong comeback and Alabama is helping lead the charge. #MadeInAmerica
Red Land Cotton Sheets, based in Alabama and right here in the 4th District , will represent all of us today at a Made in America event at the White House.  Proud to have this great company in Lawrence County.
Stay weather aware this evening and overnight.  There could be severe weather across North Alabama, including some tornadoes.
This morning I met with the Guatemalan Ambassador, Manuel Espina, to discuss joint international efforts to combat human trafficking, drug smuggling, and illegal immigration. Security begins at home.
I commend the work of @POTUS and @SecPompeo as they work to bring home the remains of thousands of Americans held since the Korean War. I applaud the continuation of diplomacy following @realDonaldTrump’s Singapore Summit.
Spoke to @JasonCalvi of @EWTN’s @EWTNNewsNightly about the amendment I offered protecting religious organizations, such as ⁦@CCharitiesUSA⁩ and @Bethany, from being excluded from providing adoption and foster care services because of their sincerely held religious beliefs.
As a Christian and a father, I am proud to have passed this amendment. Read my full statement here:
Today my colleagues and I of the @HouseAppropsGOP passed my amendment which prohibits the discrimination of child welfare providers based on religious beliefs or moral convictions.
@RepChuck is a stalwart in Congress for protecting religious freedoms. I’m always glad to have him on my fighting side on any issue - particularly his help in passing this one!
This morning I was happy to join the Osborne family, from Albertville, AL, on a tour of the @uscapitol. I look forward to welcoming many more families of Alabama’s Fourth Congressional District to our nation’s capital.
It warms my heart to know they have promised to continue to serve and are planning to return to their missionary work in Haiti.
It brings me great joy to know the missionaries of Russellville First Baptist Church have landed back in the U.S. safe sound. While serving those less fortunate spreading the good word of the gospel, the group was caught in worrisome protests.
Great to meet Peyton West, of Brookwood, Alabama, who is in town attending the Youth Legislative Training Conference hosted by the @AACS_DC. Thankful for your service to Congress during your week-long conference.
My colleagues in the Senate should get to work immediately to forego all of the August Recess in order to confirm his nomination. #SCOTUS Read my statement below:
@POTUS has delivered on his promise to nominate a candidate who is immensely qualified and will serve as an honorable guardian and interpreter of the United States Constitution.
The best things to come out of Louisiana are gumbo and the current House Majority Whip. Alabama is, of course, home to the birthplace of Mardi Gras and the 2018 College Football Champions. Roll Tide!
From Northport to Muscle Shoals and Cullman to Henagar, Alabamians of the 4th Congressional District will be able to celebrate Independence Day with millions of Americans. Check out @waff48 to see how best to commemorate the birth of our
Always grateful to help out a fellow Alabamian, and Representative, @RepTerriSewell. Thanks for the 4th of July cupcakes in return!
About 6 months ago, @POTUS signed the #TaxCutsandJobsAct putting money back into the pockets of taxpayers. Today, @USDA stated the new tax code will ease the burden on farmers across the nation allowing them to further boost the economy and put more food on American tables.
Thanks to the @60PlusAssoc for presenting me the Guardian of Seniors’ Rights award. I am proud to advocate for saving Social Security and Medicare for today’s seniors while strengthening it for future generations.
While Justice Kennedy proudly served the American people, I look forward to @POTUS nominating an honorable and well-qualified jurist. I encourage the U.S. Senate to not wait but to act quickly to confirm the President’s eventual nominee before the new Supreme Court term begins.
This morning I spoke to the Joint Select Committee on Budget Appropriations Process Reform on how Congress can get back to regular order and away from continuing resolutions and omnibus appropriations bills- it starts with the U.S. Senate getting away from their filibuster rule
“Had a great working lunch with President Trump today to discuss the way forward on Appropriations so that we can fund the border wall as well as avoid another huge Omnibus” @realdonaldtrump #Appropriations
Two great rulings today from SCOTUS. The court struck down the California law that forced pro-life groups to advertise abortion. And the court upheld the power Congress gave the President to limit travel to America to protect national security.
My heart breaks for the family of Steve Marshall upon hearing of the passing of his wife Bridgette. I ask you to join me in lifting him, their daughter, family and friends in prayer at this tremendously difficult time.
Reporter tracks down “face” of border separation, exposes child was not separated and “asylum seeking” mother simply wanted economic opportunity.Problem is that this does not fit narrative being told by DC...but is by far the typical case at the border.
This afternoon I was honored with the Association of State Correctional Administrators’s National Leadership Award. Public safety and the continued support for our nation’s correctional officers remains an important part in prison reform.
Last week, I had the opportunity to sit and answer questions from a young, creative, aspiring journalist. I wish Brilyn, of @TruthGazetteAL, the best with an already successful career in journalism. Watch the interviews here:
What an honor it was to meet with Buzz Aldrin (the second man on the moon) at today’s National Space Council meeting at The White House.
Happy Birthday, @realDonaldTrump. It’s an honor to work along side you as we strive to Make America Great Again.
Thanks to the @Alabama4H members who took time out of their busy schedule for a meeting today. These members are exemplary leaders of a younger generation.
The pleasure was all mine, Brilyn.  I enjoyed sitting down for an interview with you. I know you’ve got a great journalistic career ahead of you.
Honored to speak to Alabama’s high school juniors and seniors participating in this year’s annual @ALRuralElectric Youth Tour. The expansion and security of rural electrification and rural broadband will provide limitless opportunities for our nation’s students and economies.
Reports indicate the meeting between President Trump and Kim Jong Un was very positive. I’m optimistic and continue to pray for a diplomatic solution to denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula.
Tonight I, and many other Republican colleagues in the House, cut $15 billion in expired spending accounts - the largest rescission of government spending in history. I will continue to work with @POTUS to get our fiscal house in order.
Great news! Tonight the House will vote on legislation rescinding nearly $15 billion and returning it to the American taxpayer.
Happy Birthday to our @VP and my friend, Mike Pence. You serve as an excellent example of leadership. I look forward to many more years of friendship and working to make America great again.
RT @kelmej: .@Robert_Aderholt also at the table representing Republican appropriators for discussion of the ~$15b rescissions package.
We’re live. Tune in:
This morning I had the pleasure of showing families from Tuscaloosa, Tuscumbia, and Rainbow City one of the best views of Washington, D.C. It’s wonderful meeting families who call Alabama’s Fourth Congressional District their home.
...and President Trump is just finishing a beautiful speech commemorating our fallen. I join him in remembering that freedom is not free but paid for by the service of those in uniform each and every day. #MemorialDay
I’ll be calling in to @TheDaleJackson Show this morning. TUNE IN:
Yesterday the House passed #RightToTry legislation ensuring that terminally ill patients have every chance at hope. Read my full statement here:
Last night I was honored to welcome those attending the @FaithandLaw dinner with @GovSamBrownback. Faith plays a meaningful role in all of our lives. In today’s society of instant gratification, it’s important to reflect on how our faith guides us while on the journey of life.
I am encouraged and fully support the President's plan to use his authority to deny Title X Family Planning funding to Planned Parenthood. See my full statement
I am delighted to hear of Christian Townson’s successes. His education at Sylvania High School Northeast Alabama Community College speak to great lengths about how dual enrollment programs continue to help students. Congrats Christian and I wish you all the best at @UofAlabama
My staff and I are working to save rural hospitals in the 4th Congressional District.  We worked with the USDA to make it possible for the hospital in Winfield to be sold to new owners, thus saving it from closure.  
Today the @HouseAppropsGOP passed the annual funding bill for the @USDA, the @US_FDA, and other related agencies. I am proud to move the bill through the second step of the legislative process while continuing to make rural America great again. Next step is the House Floor.
I enjoyed hosting students from Hubbertville School this morning during their tour of the @uscapitol. #GoLions
This morning, my hometown high school and alma mater, greeted me at the @uscapitol. I am grateful that @HaleyvilleLions has continued to bring their senior class to Washington. I remember my senior trip in 1983 and visiting with Congressman Tom Bevill.
RT @RocketContest: Fly #Alabama fly! #TARC2018 @Robert_Aderholt
Alabama is represented by 6 of the 100 teams competing tomorrow here in Washington, D.C., with 4 of those Alabama teams being from the 4th Congressional District. These students are truly putting their #STEM education to good use! #TARC2018 #RocketContest
This morning I was thrilled to join students from all across the United States at the annual #RocketsOnTheHill @RocketContest.
If Trump were to find a cure for cancer then the national press would report that he is ignoring all other diseases. Truth of matter is that North Korea detainees were released and more progress towards denuclearization made than under last 3 presidents.
Sometimes people in Washington say something just can’t be done. But I say, where there’s a will, there’s a way.  You just have to get out there and lead the way. #alpolitics
RT @HouseAppropsGOP: Starting soon: Chairman @Robert_Aderholt presides over the Subcommittee markup of the FY19 Agriculture Appropriations…
Our Nation’s military continues to protect our values freedoms with some giving their last full measure of devotion. I’m proud to support our active armed forces and our veterans, while they ensure we, as a Nation, have the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
This year’s Honor Flight was sponsored by the @RotaryofTusc and included 99-year-old George Murray, a World War Two vet and part of The Greatest Generation.
Today I welcomed 160 veterans from Alabama at the National World War II Memorial. Every year Alabama veterans arrive in Washington, D.C. through a program called @HonorFlightNet.
President Trump continues to impress with his foreign policy achievements. Like Reagan before him, the President is achieving “peace through strength.”
There are several things that remain puzzling about the agreement.  For example, many of us are still waiting to see what benefits the Obama Administration hoped to see when they delivered pallets of cash in the dead of night to Iran, a known state sponsor of terrorism.
President Trump has taken the Iran Nuclear Deal, and its shortcomings, very seriously. With all the information he has at his disposal, I trust that he has made the right decision to pull back from what was a bad deal adopted under the Obama Administration.
Tonight on the steps of our Gadsden office, 80 high school students took their military oaths. They are going into the Army, Air Force and Marines. You all make us proud with your commitment to serve our nation. @WBRCnews @WVTM13 @abc3340 @CBS_42
RT @SecretarySonny: Sandwiched between two Aderholts: Chairman @Robert_Aderholt and his father Judge Bobby Aderholt.
Today I welcomed @SecretarySonny of @USDA to Guin, AL where we discussed how important agriculture industries are to the state of Alabama as well as the nation. Agriculture has always and will remain our nation’s most important provider.
RT @SecretarySonny: Just arrived at Spruell Farm with Chairman @Robert_Aderholt and greeted by Sam Spruell. They grow cotton, corn, peanuts…
