On Thursday, I asked for a vote on the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. House Democrats rejected it for the 14th time. Democrats have continued to block this legislation, but we will keep fighting to save the lives of newborn babies.
RT @heraldandreview: WATCH THE VIDEO: @RodneyDavis  'Nickelback' comments in Congress go viral →
@bridgetbhc @repmarkpocan @thomasmckinless As one of the hits of course.
The sound of Nickelback is not irritating.
RT @JoeBReporter: ICYMI: @RodneyDavis defended @Nickelback, ‘one of the greatest bands of the ’90s’ on House floor
This #InternationalWomensDay I was proud to join my colleagues to recognize @RepDebHaaland as the first Native American woman to chair proceedings in the U.S. House of Representatives. Congratulations, Congresswoman!
The people have spoken. CC: @repmarkpocan
Democrats just voted to: ️Publicly finance politicians’ campaigns️Infringe on Americans’ free speech️Have elections run by the DC swamp #HR1 is not for the people.
RT @cspan: Rep. @RodneyDavis asks the House to recognize @repdebhaaland "as the first Native American woman to ever chair the House proceed…
RT @RepMarkWalker: Do you like campaign ads? Well, #HR1 will take your money and give it to politicians so they can run TV ads. That’s #For…
RT @CNN: Two lawmakers went back and forth about … Nickelback“Why would you criticize one of the greatest bands of the 90s?” Rep. @Rodney…
Can't stop, won't stop.
Let's settle this. Take my poll:
Nickelback &gt; #HR1
I'm going to claim the W over my friend @repmarkpocan on this one.
@nataliewsj @TonyRomm @MarkPocan
As mentioned on the House floor...
We’re debating #HR1 [and the popularity of @Nickelback]. Tune in to @cspan to watch —&gt;
I visited the Mennonite College of Nursing at @IllinoisStateU on Monday last month, I recognized the school on the House Floor in honor of their 100th anniversary this year. Thank you to Dean Judy Neubrander the nursing students for giving me a tour of the simulation lab!
It’s a bill that lines the pockets of every politician by publicly funding campaigns, federalizes our election system, and restricts your First Amendment right protected by the U.S. Constitution – a strong point of opposition from the ACLU. #HR1
I recognized Bob Hudzik, a world champion dart player custodian at Mt. Olive High School, who began Darts for Kids. I recently cosponsored the RISE Act, that shines a light on individuals like Bob. He is a perfect example of the people that make our communities great.
RT @hcmacomber: Was so great to meet with representative @RodneyDavis and his staff today and talk about neuroscience funding, especially f…
Public funding should NOT be used to fund political campaigns. #HR1
RT @HouseAdmnGOP: Every American’s vote should be counted AND protected. #HR1 forces states to adopt new voter registration practices with…
About to join @senatemajldr @GOPLeader @SteveScalise @RoyBlunt and @RepLizCheney to talk about how #HR1 is not “for the people.” Tune in!
#HR1 = #NOTforthePeopleAct
#HR1 is a bad bill not just for Republicans and not just for Democrats, but ALL Americans.
HAPPENING SOON ️ Joining @HouseGOP weekly press conference to talk about how #HR1 is for the politicians, not the people. Tune in:
RT @GOPLeader: Democrats did not design #HR1 to protect your vote. They designed it to put a thumb on the scale of every election in Americ…
RT @HouseAdmnGOP: Top 10 Most Egregious of Provisions #HR1:
RT @uofigovrelation: Kim Kidwell, Dean of Urbana’s @ACESIllinois, kicks off our @USDA breakfast with Under Secretary Scott Hutchins and @Ro…
Captain Jake Ringering's family and the members of the Godfrey Fire Protection District are in my thoughts and prayers. Thank you to all first responders who work day in and day out to keep us safe.
175 pages of this mammoth legislation were not marked up by any committee #HR1
Testifying on #HR1 now at @RulesReps Follow along here ️
Your taxes shouldn’t be lining politicians’ pockets. #HR1 would give up to $4.3 million dollars of taxpayers’ money to every candidate running for federal office.
RT @HouseAdmnGOP: Democrats: Get money out of politics.Also Democrats: Give politicians $4.3 million in taxpayer dollars for their campaig…
#HR1 is not “for the people,” it’s for the politicians. Democrats are not promoting your interests, they are promoting the interests of the DC swamp.
We have many levels of law enforcement thousands of laws across the country that work every day to prevent gun violence, but we can do better. That's why my colleagues I introduced a bill to combat mass shootings like we combat terrorism, drug trafficking child exploitation
This is the 2nd major bill in a row the ACLU has opposed because fear of restricting Americans' constitutional rights. Democrats are rushing these bills to the floor without any regard to the Constitution.
Celebrated Read Across America Day today by reading "House Mouse, Senate Mouse" to Mr. Hopper's second grade class at Irving Elementary School in Bloomington.
This morning I joined  @wics_abc20 in Springfield to discuss what's been happening in Washington.
Glad to join @RepSusanDavis @NEAToday to recognize Read Across America Day! My wife I read to our kids nearly every night when they were young, reciting some of their favorite books by heart. By encouraging a love for reading, we can help kids learn further their education.
Disappointed this exemption to ensure victims of domestic violence could protect themselves didn’t pass. This further highlights a major issue with this bill.
Today I am wearing rare disease socks in honor of #RareDiseaseDay. We must work together to find better treatment and cures for rare diseases and that's why I support increased funding for the @NIH and legislation like the 21st Century Cures Act.
If you are visiting DC, my office can help you with tours of many sites around nation's capital. Visit my website for more information.
Great to meet the Redd Family from Bloomington before their U.S. Capitol tour this week. Laykin and Hudson even got to come with me on the House Floor while I was voting.
RT @JudiciaryGOP: Unlike Democrats’ proposals, the #MVPAct2019 will help keep firearms off the black market and out of criminal hands.
RT @wdws1400: PODCAST: Congressman Rodney Davis @RodneyDavis 2-28-18
More information here:
This kind of coordinated system has a track record of success with other complex crime and we should be applying it to mass shootings.
Whether it was Parkland or most recently Aurora, when law enforcement doesn’t coordinate and laws are not enforced, people who shouldn’t have guns fall through the cracks.
We have many levels of law enforcement and thousands of laws across this country that work every day to prevent gun violence, but we can do better.
We could create another law that does nothing but infringe on law-abiding citizens’ Second Amendment right or we could create a system that could have stopped the last mass shooting and might stop the next.
I joined several of my colleagues in introducing the Mass Violence Prevention Act to combat mass shootings as the federal government has done with terrorism, drug trafficking, and child exploitation.
I've fought to repeal these outdated provisions that unfairly penalize public servants since I came to Congress I will continue to fight for the Social Security Fairness Act so we can provide certainty to retirees, while helping recruit public
Great to hear from @SecretarySonny in the @HouseAgGOP hearing today on the state of the rural economy. Thank you for all you do for farmers in the 13th district and across the country!
More on today's @TransportGOP hearing
Instead, we should be spurring innovation through public-private partnerships and the committee should be focused on how we’re going to make the investments in infrastructure that we need with fewer dollars going into the Highway Trust Fund.
We don’t have to propose impractical ideas, like eliminating air travel or mandating electrical vehicles and public transportation in parts of the country where it doesn’t make sense.
Watch the mark-up and my Diet Pepsi consumption here:
In 2014, I drove a Nissan Leaf for a day in my district. First problem- I wouldn’t have made it from my hometown in Taylorville to Champaign on a single charge. Although electric cars are improving, they still don’t work in all districts.
Consumers have more energy-efficient passenger vehicles to choose from than ever before and private companies are already improving environmental standards. More government regulation does not encourage greater innovation.
Electric automobile manufacturers are joining new innovative partnerships to change the way we travel. In fact, just outside my district in Normal, @Rivian is producing electric trucks they just announced a $700 million partnership with @amazon
RT @TransportGOP: Recalling recent hearing @GovTimWalz request for Congress to cut red tape, Dr. Daniel Sperling of California Air Re…
RT @TransportGOP: When @RodneyDavis asked panel “why do you need a top-down approach to regulation?” Young w/ @AirlinesDotOrg said that wou…
A new study shows it would cost $93 trillion - costing each American household between $36,100 to $65,300 annually
@TransportGOP This unrealistic, massive government-run proposal calls for: -Eliminating air travel-Replacing cars with electric vehicles-Public transportation available to everyone-Upgrading or replacing every building in the U.S.
Today, we’re examining the impact of the #GreenNewDeal in the @TransportGOP committee.
"The size of your tax refund has nothing to do with your overall tax bill. It merely reflects what you overpaid the IRS in your paychecks last
RT @MActionProject: U.S. Rep. @RodneyDavis @RepDerekKilmer , Future Caucus members, speak to the urgent need for #bipartisanship in #Cong…
Support is growing for my bill, the Employer Participation in Repayment Act, which would incentivize employers to offer student loan assistance to help their employees pay off student loan debt.Visit my website to see what stakeholders are saying:
@IvankaTrump @WhiteHouse I was honored to host Ivanka in Godfrey last August to see a workforce training program in my district to hear from local businesses, labor leaders, students on how we can work together to prepare people for the jobs that are available in a 21st century economy.
Recently @IvankaTrump the @WhiteHouse announced the American Workforce Policy Advisory Board, which will help promote education training, recommend ways to improve labor market data, increase private sector investments in job learning better identify companies’ hiring needs
Earlier this week, I was the guest host on WFMB and I was glad my friend and colleague, House Minority Whip @SteveScalise could join me to talk about his recovery following the congressional baseball shooting in June of 2017.
@Illinois_Alma @HHSGov .@Illinois_Alma is a powerhouse when it comes to ground-breaking research grants like this help further the development of life-saving medical research. I applaud Professor Cheng and Dr. Cai for their work and look forward to seeing what it brings to future cancer treatments.
@Illinois_Alma @HHSGov Finding a cure for cancer will only be done through public-private partnerships like this and it’s exactly why I continue to vote for greater federal investment in medical research.
Iria, a cancer research start-up at @Illinois_Alma received a $300,000 grant from @HHSGov Iria was started by Prof. Jianjun Cheng Dr. Kaimin Cai in 2017 to develop the next-generation of cancer targeting drug delivery technology for cancer
My bill to address student debt is an innovative approach that has the potential to be the 401(k) of student loans help graduates who are struggling with student debt. I will continue to work to address the student debt crisis in our country.
Happy National FFA Organization Week! FFA helps young people develop leadership and career skills through agricultural education and I always enjoy meeting FFA students from throughout the 13th district. #FFAWeek
Finding new, more resilient materials will help tax dollars go further and our infrastructure catch up to 21st century transportation needs.
Addressing our crumbling infrastructure is long overdue. Congress should encourage more innovation as we invest in rebuilding our infrastructure and that’s exactly what the IMAGINE Act does. Read more here:
ICYMI: Melissa Jamesly were granted a visa to come back to the U.S. It’s amazing to see the power of a community the impact we can have. Thank you to everyone who contacted my office kept the Parkers in their thoughts and
RT @foxillinois: GOOD NEWS: A son stuck in Haiti will now be able to return to Monticello for his father's funeral thanks to efforts by the…
On Monday, I was the guest host on WFMB. I got to talk about the importance of workforce training and infrastructure with Brad Schaive from Laborers Local 477. Listen to the full Interview here:
Thank you to Linda on my staff who worked tirelessly to make this happen and everyone who contacted my office and kept the Parkers in their thoughts and prayers. I wish Melissa and Jamesly safe travels as they return to the U.S.
I am so glad we were able to help this incredible family during what I can only imagine is a very difficult time for them. It’s amazing to see the power of a community and the impact we can have.
Good news to share: we were able to expedite the Parker family’s case w/ the US Embassy in Haiti, get them an emergency appointment, they were granted a visa to come back to the U.S. Thank you to everyone who contacted my office kept this family in their thoughts prayers.
I was honored to have Taylorville Fire Chief Mike Crews join me two weeks ago for the State of the Union. Here is a behind the scenes look at our day at the Capitol.
Nearly 3 months ago, a tornado struck Taylorville damaged  almost 700 homes businesses. Fire Chief Mike Crews made many crucial decisions that day that undoubtedly saved lives. I am grateful for all first responders who keep our communities safe.
Happy Presidents’ Day!
Great having Rochester Rockets Coach Derek Leonard on with me this morning. Derek was nominated by the @ChicagoBears for the Don Shula NFL High School Coach of the Year Award in 2017.
We’re live on @Sportsradio1450. Be sure to tune in!
I’m guest hosting for Sam tomorrow on @1045WFMB starting at 6:30am. We have a lot of great guests:Brad Schaive w/ Laborers Local 477@SteveScalise                                  The Leonards @AveryBourne@DanCrenshawTX Catie Sheehan + St. John’s telehealth team
Thank you to everyone who has reached out to my office. We have been in touch with the U.S. Embassy in Haiti and are working to help the Parkers. Please keep their family in your thoughts and prayers during this difficult time.
Instead of Speaker Pelosi’s $1 offer for a wall, abolishing ICE, and weaker border security, President Trump and Republicans have secured $22.5 billion dollars to secure our border, including ️
This bill ensures the federal government doesn’t shut down, federal workers are paid, and our border will be more secure than it was yesterday.
Despite Speaker Pelosi promising no wall, there will be 55 miles of new border structure along parts of our southern border, nearly $1.4B in funding to build border structures, 1,200 more border agents significant investments in surveillance technology because of this bill.
Last Congress, I voted time and time again for significantly more funding for a border structure, but each time, Democrats and Republicans let the perfect become the enemy of the good and because of that, we now must face the realities of a divided Congress.
Yesterday, I voted for the compromise border security and funding bill that passed Congress and President Trump is expected to sign.
Nobody wins in a government shutdown. Glad to meet with the American Federation of Government Employees  this week to talk about my bill, H.R. 622 the Government Shutdown Prevention Act, which would end government shutdowns as we know them today.
RT @RepDerekKilmer: I had a great time yesterday speaking at the @RiponSociety with @RodneyDavis about the need to work across the aisle an…
RT @HouseAdmnGOP: “We all share a common goal of ensuring our elections be open, free, fair, and functioning with the highest level of inte…
Thank you to Nurul Revina and Melina Megaridis from the  @Illinois_Alma @Habitat_org  Student Chapter for coming to advocate for funding for federal housing programs. Melina even "pinned her place" on the #IL13 map in my office!
While in the United States, FLEX students gain leadership skills, learn about American society and values, and teach Americans about FLEX countries and cultures.
It was great to meet Giedre Krotovaite, a State Department Future Leaders Exchange (FLEX) student, while she was in DC this week. She is from Lithuania, but is living in Edwardsville this school year.
RT @MarkSchoeff: Soaring student loan debt has captured bipartisan attention on Capitol Hill. @SenMarkWarner @SenJo…
RT @GOPLeader: Just now → Republicans and Democrats voted together with one voice to condemn anti-Semitism in all forms.
RT @APLU_GovAffairs: Thank you @RepScottPeters, @RodneyDavis, @SenJohnThune, @MarkWarner for introducing the Employer Participation in Re…
RT @RiponSociety: .@RodneyDavis and @RepDerekKilmer work to promote civility bridge the partisan divide –
RT @NialaBoodhoo: Earlier this morning, @RodneyDavis stopped by NPR HQ to chat with us on @21stShow. On the spending deal, Davis says he's…
Our bill simply builds on this private-sector approach to addressing the student loan debt crisis in this country and will help millions of graduates who are struggling with student debt.
"An employer contributing $100 a month would help an employee with $26,500 – the median amount borrowed for a bachelor’s degree – get out of debt three years faster, saving over $10,000 in principal interest over 10 years assuming a 4% interest rate."
Glad to have Scott McFarland, Executive Director of @ServeIllinois come in and discuss the Corporation for National and Community Service programs in the 13th district. I am proud to support these programs that help people give back to their communities.
RT @WaterwaysCouncl: Team IL with @RodneyDavis #WCI2019DCmeetings  talking #RiversMoveAmerica and especially IL-13 district!
Another great example of our strong economy ️ a record 7.3 million job openings
Happy 210th Birthday to our 16th president and fellow Illinoisan, Abe Lincoln!
RT @HillRabbit: Grateful 4 bipartisan work of ⁦@RodneyDavis⁩ ⁦@RepDerekKilmer⁩ 2 #ModernizeCongress⁦@RiponSociety⁩ ⁦@DemocracyFund⁩ ⁦@BPC_…
If we don’t have pollinators, we don’t have plants, crops, trees, etc. Pollinators are vital to our ecosystem and that’s why I am proud to be a Co-Chair of the Pollinator Caucus with my colleague @RepHastingsFL
Walter will be missed remembered as a friend to all of us.
Shannon I offer the family of Walter Jones our thoughts prayers upon his passing today. Walter was always great to joke around with. He even thought I was Bob Dold for my first few years in DC. We laughed about that when Bob came back.
5 years ago today, the Stan Musial Veterans Memorial Bridge opened. I was honored to co-sponsor the legislation that named the I-70 bridge over the Mississippi River and be there the day it opened.
RT @MoDOT_StLouis: Today @MoDOT_StLouis and @IDOT_Illinois remember the opening of the Stan Musial Veterans Memorial Bridge.  The four-lane…
RT @HouseAdmnGOP: In anticipation of our upcoming hearing on H.R. 1,  Ranking Member @RodneyDavis delivered a statement from the House Floo…
The third place winners, Leonardo De La Torre Cruz, Karlye Murray, and Jeffrey Cummings, from Edwardsville High School created "EHS Map" which is a way for new students and foreign exchange students to navigate throughout the school.
The other second place winner is a team of three, Ethan Ficek, Dylan Sorrel, and Jacob Boicke, from Normal West High School. They created "Preoccupation," an app to assist people with their job search by matching employers and prospective employees.
There was a tie for second place. The team of Brennan Diedrich, Whitton Rice, Nicolas Forcade-Perkins, and Matthew Boyd from Normal West High School created "Cheetah Reading," an app that helps teach students how to read faster and still comprehend what you read.
I'm happy to announce the winner of the Congressional App Challenge in the 13th district is Wesley Hershberger from Normal West High School. His app“Checkout” was designed to speed up the checkout process at a local charity event.
@RepScottPeters Read more about the Employer Participation in Repayment Act here:
Student loan debt is now the 2nd highest form of consumer debt prevents many in the workforce from fully contributing to our economy. @RepScottPeters I introduced a bill that incentivizes employers to offer student loan assistance to help employees pay off student loans.
Former Congressman John Dingell served his country in the House of Representatives for nearly 60 years, the longest-serving member. I am keeping his wife, Congresswoman Debbie Dingell, and his family in my prayers. The Dean will be missed.
Local officials and first responders were instrumental in helping Taylorville recover from the tornado. I am honored that Fire Chief Mike Crews was able to join me for the #SOTU to represent all who helped us in the disaster.
Earlier this week, @RepBost and I met with members of @STLRegChamber while they were in DC. #Arch2thehill
RT @TransportGOP: Why we need to streamline #infrastructure project delivery: LA Mayor Garcetti @MayorOfLA, responding to @RodneyDavis, tes…
RT @tedcoxchicago: Congressman @RodneyDavis trumpets bipartisan passage of House bill to celebrate Route 66 centennial in 2026.
RT @HouseAgGOP: TUNE IN @ 11AM ET for #HouseAg's first mtg of the #116thCongress to consider organizational matters of the cmte. WATCH LIVE…
RT @HouseAdmnGOP: The Committee is having our organizational meeting this morning at 10:00 a.m. You can watch the livestream here:
RT @TransportGOP: Committee Members, @TransportGOP, are ready to get to work on infrastructure, and the work starts with this morning’s…
RT @nowdecatur: @RodneyDavis joined #ByersCo with reax on #SOTU. Listen to the podcast now!
RT @Sportsradio1450: .@RodneyDavis offered his thoughts on the State of the Union. 
Bipartisan accomplishments are possible when both sides work together and this is a prime example of that.
My bill, which passed with bipartisan support, will create a commission to honor the 100th anniversary of Route 66 in 2026 and will create a plan to ensure the historic road is preserved for future generations. Watch my full remarks here
Joining @MarkReardonKMOX to discuss #SOTU and preventing another government shutdown. Tune in now:
ICYMI: I caught up w/ Annie Tony on the @anniefreyshow about last night’s #SOTU address what it was like in the House chamber —&gt;
RT @RepLaHood: Always proud to work with @RodneyDavis to preserve and celebrate Route 66, which bolsters economic activity and supports job…
H.R. 66 passed the House with overwhelming bipartisan support 
In April of 2017, @RepLaHood and I went on an extended tour of Illinois’ stretch of Route 66 along with many state legislators. Route 66 supports many jobs and key economic activity in many of our smaller rural communities across our districts.
Route 66 is a symbol of American independence and prosperity. I am proud to have America’s most iconic road run through the middle of my district and it’s important we celebrate its history. I’m speaking on the House floor now to urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 66.
Happening soon ️ I’ll be speaking on the House floor in support of my bill, H.R. 66. Tune in!
My statement on tonight's State of the Union Address ️ #SOTU
"We must choose whether we will squander our inheritance -- or whether we will proudly declare that we are Americans.  We do the incredible.  We defy the impossible.  We conquer the unknown.” #SOTU
RT @kimberly_wade: @RodneyDavis So excited that @potus is requesting 500 million for pediatric cancer research! �Thank you for all your ama…
RT @WhiteHouse: Grace Eline, cancer survivor.
"Many childhood cancers have not seen new therapies in decades.  My budget will ask the Congress for $500 million over the next 10 years to fund this critical life-saving research.” #SOTU
"Let us work together to build a culture that cherishes innocent life.  And let us reaffirm a fundamental truth:  all children -- born and unborn -- are made in the holy image of God.” #SOTU
"Both parties should be able to unite for a great rebuilding of America's crumbling infrastructure.”  #SOTU
"We passed a massive tax cut for working families and doubled the child tax credit.” #TaxReform #SOTU
"More people are working now than at any time in the history of our country—157 million people at work.” #SOTU
RT @WhiteHouse:
RT @WhiteHouse: LIVE now: President Trump’s second State of the Union Address
Watch the #SOTU here:
Heading to the Capitol for the #SOTU Be sure to tune in!
We also got to meet with other members of the IL congressional delegation and their #SOTU guests before the address.
RT @craasch: Wagner, Davis invite activist and first responder, respectively, to sit in on Trump State of the Union address
RT @lynnsweet: Heading to pre- #SOTU reception at @SenatorDurbin office: That's (from l to r) Rep. Rodney Davis, R-Ill.; Allie Bland, a sev…
Did you know that @GOPLeader was a seasonal firefighter and that his dad was a firefighter? Glad my guest, Taylorville Fire Chief Mike Crews, got to meet him tonight before the #SOTU.
RT @TransportGOP: When it comes to #infrastructure, Congress has a good track record.  In recent years, we passed a major long-term transpo…
Before the #SOTU tonight, I took Chief Crews on a tour of the Capitol, which included an #IL13 highlight- the bust of President Lincoln in the Crypt.
I grew up with Taylorville Fire Chief Mike Crews and I am proud to bring him to Washington as a face and role model for the Taylorville community. #TaylorvilleStrong #SOTU
Tonight is President Trumps' second State of the Union Address. Be sure to tune in at 9pm EST/ 8pm CST. #SOTU
I am honored to have Chief Mike Crews join me at the State of the Union tonight to represent all the first responders and community members who pulled together to help after the storm. #TaylorvilleStrong
Nick continued to work for three hours before he could even come and see the damage to his own home. That is the sacrifice that our first responders make for their communities.
One of the Taylorville firefighters on Chief Mike Crews' team, Nick Hackney, was on duty when the storm hit. He got his family to safety, but his house was lifted off its foundation.
RT @Pantagraph: .@RodneyDavis urges compromise to avoid another shutdown →
RT @heraldandreview: .@RodneyDavis urges compromise to avoid another shutdown. Article from @pg_barlow:
Mike making the decision to cancel the parade is a decision that potentially saved hundreds of lives. Decisions like that sometimes take a lot of courage, but because Mike had the courage to make that decision, we avoided an even bigger disaster.
The 5 week govt shutdown had a real impact on people throughout my district. Today, I met with @TSA Midwest Air Traffic Control employees at @FlyCIRA who worked w/o pay. I urge Speaker Pelosi President Trump to come to an agreement so that there won’t be another shutdown.
Great to talk with local superintendents at their regional roundtable this morning in Normal and hear from them what we can do at a federal level to help support educators.
Met with Paul Josh in Normal this morning after they reached out to me to talk about their organization - Adult and Teen Challenge Illinois. They are a faith-based program for addiction treatment that just opened up a new facility in Carlinville.
RT @EricWGLT: .⁦@RodneyDavis⁩ meets with TSA and ⁦@FlyCIRA⁩ reps to assess impact of recent government shutdown and to call on White House…
When a tornado ripped through Taylorville on December 1st, nearly 700 homes and businesses sustained damage. Taylorville Fire Chief, Mike Crews, and his team were some of the first to respond and begin the recovery process.
Taylorville Fire Chief Mike Crews made many important decisions before the tornado struck on December 1st that undoubtedly saved lives. I am honored that he will be my guest at the State of the Union tomorrow.
We all must work together to #EndTrafficking. Thank you to law enforcement, victim advocates, and other who are diligently working to end this horrible practice.
This unacceptable and should not be tolerated.
This just goes to show how ridiculous government shutdowns are. Speaker Pelosi and President Trump need to come to a deal to prevent a shutdown from happening again.
Just met with federal law enforcement officers at the Greenville Federal Correctional Institution who were not being paid during the government shutdown. I learned that inmates, who make small wages for various tasks, continue to get paid during the shutdown.
RT @wics_abc20: "I am honored to have him join me for the State of the Union this year," Rep. @RodneyDavis said.
@NatlParkService They are behind on hiring for the busy season due to the shutdown. I urge Speaker Pelosi and President Trump to come to an agreement so that there won’t be another shutdown.
The five-week government shutdown had a real impact on people throughout my district. Today, I met with @NatlParkService employees at the Lincoln Home National Historic Site in Springfield who worked without pay or were furloughed.
RT @BlueRoomStream: U.S. Rep. Rodney Davis announced that Taylorville Fire Chief Mike Crews will be his guest to President Trump's State of…
I cannot thank him enough for all he did that day, all he has done to help Taylorville recover, and all he does every day to keep our hometown safe. #TaylorvilleStrong #twill
After the fact, he and his team were able to begin the long recovery process immediately, with many working through the night, to keep people safe.
Chief Crews undoubtedly saved lives on December 1st when a tornado struck Taylorville. When he learned of the weather the storm approaching our hometown, he made all the right decisions that resulted in zero fatalities fewer injuries than what would have happened otherwise.
I am honored to announce that Taylorville Fire Chief, Mike Crews, will be my guest to the State of the Union Address next week.
More jobs: Higher wages: Strong economy: 
Thank you to the brave men and women at @CBP who work day in and day out to protect our communities!
Great news! Workers are earning higher wages. And thanks to #TaxReform, they're keeping more of their hard-earned dollars. Learn more here ️
I urge both sides to come together to protect the border fund the government.
Speaker Pelosi President Trump have 15 days to work out a deal. Failing to come to a deal last time put our national security at risk thousands of federal employees working without pay, including 14,500 air traffic controllers.
To get help from the National Human Trafficking Hotline call: 1-888-373-7888
January is Human Trafficking Awareness Month. Congress has taken action to hold bad actors accountable last year, the president signed the Fighting Online Sex Trafficking Act (FOSTA) into law. I will continue to work with my colleagues in Congress to end this horrible practice.
