The damage caused by recent tornadoes is devastating, but we’ll rebuild cont to help each other through this time. Special thnx to Local elected emerg mgmt officials in Grady Talbot counties for giving me a tour. I’m ready to assist the ppl of GA02 in any way possible.
Today, I will visit both Grady and Talbot counties to assess the damage caused by last week's tragic storm and tornadoes.
Congratulations to all of the #GA02 teams represented in the 2019 @OfficialGHSA Basketball State Championships!
Today and every day, we honor the women who have come before us, and we fight for the women who will come after us. #IWD2019 #WomensHistoryMonth
Today’s vote on H.R. 1 was a vote to restore transparency, accountability, unity to government. It’s time we restore our elections back to the values that they were originally founded on, “a government of the people, by the people, for the people.”
I was deeply saddened to learn of the passing of Dr. Lonnie King Jr. I send my condolences to his family. We have lost one of the civil rights movement’s unsung heroes, a leader, teacher, man of upright character, but he will not be forgotten.
Proud to be a member of the @HBCUCaucus!  We are 87 strong from both sides of the aisle and in both the House and the Senate. #HBCUStrong #HBCUSTEAM 
Supreme Court Justices Elena Kagan Samuel Alito will testify this afternoon before @AppropsDems Financial Services General Government subcommittee about their FY20 budget requests – the first time in 4 years justices have testified before Congress → 
Quality health care for veterans means a comprehensive approach, with a focus on physical, mental, emotional, spiritual well-being. This morning, our Military Construction-VA Subcommittee will hear from @DeptVetAffairs about their whole health efforts →
My office is now accepting US service academy nomination applications. I highly encourage the bright motivated students from GA02 to pursue this life-changing opportunity to serve their community their nation.
RT @UNCF: #BlueGroup meeting with Rep. @SanfordBishop Senator. @JeffMerkley... #HBCUSTEAM #UNCFGovtAffairs
RT @AustinScottGA08: Last night, @SanfordBishop, @RepBuddyCarter, I joined GA Fruit Vegetable Growers Assoc., @GovKemp, Ag Commissioner…
My prayers are w/ those who lost their lives who’ve been severely impacted from yesterday’s tornadoes. I am grateful to the first responders who’ve been working tirelessly to find the missing, clearing debris, are caring for the injured.
March is Women’s History Month. Let us celebrate and honor the formidable, hard-working, and inspirational women who constantly overcome adversity, influence the masses, and continue to make #HERstory.
I am praying for those lives lost, missing and injured as well as their loved ones as we learn more about the tornadoes that struck AL, FL, SC, and SW Georgia. In the meantime, please monitor @fema site for more information and resources:
@FVSU is 1 of 10 HBCUs in GA, 1 of 2 HBCUs in #GA02. #BHM
.@POTUS declared an emergency over a crisis that does not exist makes USA less safe by decreasing military readiness while violating Congress’s power of the purse.
I’m pleased to announce the legislation to expand @OcmulgeeNPS1 has passed both the Senate the House is awaiting @POTUS’ signature.
RT @AppropsDems: SOON: Tune in at 10a to watch @SecWilkie at the Military Construction-Veterans Affairs subcommittee's oversight hearing of…
The Honorable Jefferson Franklin Long was born in Knoxville, GA in 1836. He was the 2nd AA elected to the U.S. House of Reps the 1st AA Member to speak on the House Floor. #BMH #GA02
Congratulations to my fellow @Morehouse alumnus, Spike Lee, for winning his first Oscar last night for Best Adapted Screen Play of 2019! #MorehouseMen
Attention all #GA02 high school students! My office is now accepting entries for this year’s #CongressionalArtCompetition. For more information, contact my office at 229-439-8067.Read more -&gt;
While I was pleased to vote last week to keep the gov't open - We urgently need to pass the disaster supplemental NOW.Our farmers, ranchers, and other communities from coast to coast cannot afford to wait any longer.
I was honored to be joined by my dear friend colleague, @RepMarciaFudge (D-OH), to recognize the deserving award recipients at this year’s Black History Observance Breakfast. #BHM
"What happens to a dream deferred?Does it dry uplike a raisin in the sun?Or fester like a sore—And then run?Does it stink like rotten meat?Or crust sugar over—like a syrupy sweet?Maybe it just sagslike a heavy load.Or does it explode?" - Langston Hughes, Harlem #BHM
Founded in 1903 in Albany, Georgia, the illustrious @AlbanyStateUniv is 1 of 10 HBCUs in Georgia, and 1 of 2 HBCUs in GA02. #BlackHistoryMonth
The great agricultural chemist, Dr. George Washington Carver, conducted innovative research w/ peanuts, sweet potatoes, soybeans that resulted in the creation of over 300 products that revolutionized the world. #BHM
The 1st African-American fighter pilot one of the 1st African-American pilots to fight in WWI, Eugene Jacques Bullard, was born on October 9, 1895, in Columbus, GA. #BHM #GA02
I am pleased to hear that the Natural Resources Management Act has passed the Senate I look forward to passing it in the House. This bill will protect expand historic sites in Georgia like the @ocmulgeemounds. #ocmulgeemounds
"Life is not a spectator sport. If you're going to spend your whole life in the grandstand just watching what goes on, in my opinion you're wasting your life." –Jackie Robinson #BHM #GA02
I was saddened to hear of the passing of @RepWalterJones. He was a staunch advocate defender of our military on the House Armed Services Committee, a heartfelt supporter of their families. He was a man of faith, always voted his conscience, we are better bc of his service.
"If I had sneezed, I wouldn't have been around here in 1962, when Negroes in Albany, GA, decided to straighten their backs up- whenever men women straighten their backs up, they are going somewhere bc a man can't ride your back unless it is bent." -MLK
My sincerest congratulations go to Former President Jimmy Carter for winning his third Grammy last night for Best Spoken Word Album of 2019.
Today’s Black History Month spotlight is on a literary giant whose phenomenal ability to turn pain into poetry garnered the attention of many. She was the gifted poet, author, civil rights activist, entertainer, Dr. Maya Angelou.  #BlackHistoryMonth
As a proud Eagle Scout, I would like to wish @boyscouts a Happy 109th Birthday! The valuable skills, traditions, principles that you have instilled in your members have helped prepare them for what lies ahead makes them better leaders for tomorrow.
I was saddened to learn of the passing of my friend fmr colleague, Rep. John Dingell. A true public servant, he was a WW2 veteran, the longest serving Congressman of 59 years. My condolences go to @RepDebDingell their entire family. His spirit lives on through his legacy.
I am proud to join my colleagues in supporting the Veteran’s Access to Child Care Act. Veterans should never have to choose their healthcare over the care of their child. #ChildCare4Vets
Macon native Johnny Jenkins was a self-taught guitarist, singer, and songwriter who massively influenced the careers of Otis Redding Jimi Hendrix. #BlackHistoryMonth #GA02 Listen
I urge the President to support the efforts of the bipartisan, bicameral conference committee as it negotiates an agreement to fund our government. The American people cannot afford to have their government let them down
The President spoke of bipartisanship, and I hope this sentiment is sincere. However, he must abandon his divisive rhetoric, and put action behind his words. In the next week, we must avoid another disastrous shutdown and keep the government open.
Renowned sociologist civil rights activist Dr. W.E.B. Du Bois said, “Believe in life! Always human beings will live and progress to greater, broader, and fuller life.” Remember that you were put here for a purpose: to be greater, broader, fuller. #BlackHistoryMonth
I am keeping former Congressman Dingell, Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and their family and friends in my prayers during this trying time.
“The Genius of Soul,” Ray Charles Robinson, was born on September 23, 1930 in Albany, GA. The legendary, Grammy award–winning pioneer was best known for his soulful hits like “Georgia on My Mind,” “Hit the Road, Jack,” and “I Got A Woman.” #BlackHistoryMonth #GA02
Booker T. Washington once said, “Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome...” As you travel on your journey to success, remember to stop celebrate every victory, no matter how small. #BHM
“It is my wish that Americans reflect on the contributions struggles that African-Americans have endured so that we can commit to striving towards an inclusive society.” #BHM Read my full statement here:
Today marks the 100th B-Day of baseball legend Jackie Roosevelt Robinson of Cairo, GA! #GA02 His legacy lives on through his groundbreaking career in baseball (as the 1st AA to break the Major League’s color barrier), heroic civil rights activism, brave service to our country.
I am a proud supporter of the Social Security 2100 Act. Social Security lifts more Americans out of poverty than any other program and must be kept strong for the future! #Secure2100
debate on border control security measures. In the meantime, I stand ready to do all I can to undo this damaging shutdown give relief to the selfless 800,000 federal workers all other Americans who have been hurt from this shutdown.
I was relieved to hear that @POTUS will sign legislation to reopen the gov't for 3 weeks. This will allow fed workers contractors to be paid provide Americans w/ the services to which they have been deprived. For 35 days we've asked to reopen the gov't, pay our workers,
Let’s reopen the government, pay our federal workers, get them back to work for their sake, their family’s sake, the sake of all American people. Let’s do our job so they can do theirs.
I was deeply saddened to learn of the passing of former Congressman Jack Brinkley. He was a great representative for SWGA he served his community w/ distinction. Our nation has lost an exceptional public servant, I have lost a trusted friend mentor.
Today, the House will vote to reopen the gov’t so federal workers do not miss their 2nd paycheck this Friday. Let’s get them back to work while we negotiate border security immigration policy in a bipartisan fashion as the gov’t was meant to work!
Today we pay homage to the life and work of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. He said it best, “Life’s most persistent and urgent question is: what are you doing for others?”
My office has compiled a list of FAQs to help guide you through the government shutdown. If you have any additional questions, feel free to contact my offices.
Nat. disasters devastated our communities they're in need of recovery. This bill will provide them w/ the tools they need to repair rebuild. I urge the Senate to pass this bill send it to the Pres. so we can reopen the gov help the ppl in need.
Hurricane Michael devastated SWGA. Producers suffered near 100% crop losses the pecan, peanut, cotton, vegetable, poultry industries experienced significant damages. I thank @AustinScottGA08 the bipartisan cosponsors for this solution.
Gifted w/ the genius to articulate the hopes aspirations of the masses in their quest for freedom, no man has done more to bring dignity to the common man than Rev. Dr. MLK, Jr. Happy Birthday Dr. King, you continue to inspire us every day. #MLK90
The shutdown becomes more precarious every day that it continues. We all fall victim to this shutdown. I urge my Senate colleagues to vote on this legislation send it to the President’s desk end this shutdown.
“…millions of Americans will not be able to have their tax returns processed so they can receive the refunds on which they rely to make purchases, pay bills and school tuition.” Watch more here -&gt;
The Ocmulgee Mounds is a true cultural archaeological treasure to GA the nation. I am confident that this important bipartisan legislation will strengthen the current Ocmulgee National Monument bolster the economy cultural life of GA beyond.
After Hurricane Michael devastated my constituents’ crops, several farmers received D-Snap. The admin’s cont’d shutdown puts D-Snap at risk threatens the livelihood of farmers/families in GA02. @POTUS should reopen the gov’t before more damage is done.
It is vital that Congress addresses the needs of communities in Georgia and across the nation that are still rebuilding from Hurricane Michael other recent disasters. I will continue my fight to pass a robust disaster relief bill that will help rebuild after Hurricane Michael.
The longer this shutdown continues over a border wall, the longer federal workers, farmers, families will remain in uncertainty. It's Congress’ first foremost duty to come together govern responsibly for the American people keep the government open functioning.
The CR that was put before the House was an insufficient response to the needs of the American people. We must meet the needs of my constituents Americans rebuilding from recent disasters we must pass a funding bill that would avoid a gov shutdown.
Congratulations to @downindecatur, @LCHSTrojans, all #GA02 teams represented in the 2018-2019 @OfficialGHSA State Football Championships!
DOE’s ECA closure fact sheet provides info on options for students, including a potential discharge of relevant federal student loans The VA provides details on obtaining a restoration of GI benefits
I’m disappointed w/ the closure of Virginia College its campuses in Columbus Macon. I've reached out to @usedgov @DeptVetAffairs will continue to help the impacted students.
Time is running out! You have until December 15th to #GetCovered on for 2019!
I am pleased w/ the Head Start grant awarded to the Macon-Bibb County Economic Opportunity Council, Inc. This grant will provide educational resources to disadvantaged children families to combat economic social barriers throughout Macon-Bibb
153 years ago today, Georgia became the 27th state to ratify the 13th Amendment, abolishing slavery in the United States.
I’m saddened to learn of the passing of President George H.W. Bush. The world lost a statesman, decorated Navy pilot, dedicated public servant. He will be remembered for his service distinguished legacy. My heartfelt condolences go to the Bush family during this time.
RT @P20payments: It's the latest edition of P20 Now, featuring @RepAndyBarr (R) and @SanfordBishop (D).The P20 addresses cybersecurity ch…
RT @SecArmy: Had a great visit with Congressman @SanfordBishop to discuss our @usarmy #Readiness and modernization efforts. Thank you for y…
The funds awarded to Valley Healthcare System in Columbus will help residents in the Chattahoochee Valley Area receive the quality health care they need deserve. I thank @HHSGov for their commitment to the health wellbeing of our citizenry.
Did you have coverage through for 2018? Don't forget to compare options for 2019!  In many areas, there will be more plans to choose from. You may save more. The deadline for taking action is December 15. #GetCovered
November 24th is Small Business Saturday- Support your local small businesses
RT @GKButterfield: I just informed @Clyburn that our whip team has secured more than enough commitments from Democratic members of the next…
I was honored to give remarks at @NatIndBlind's general session.  Although we have made great progress, we must continue to work to ensure those who are blind visually impaired have the tools opportunities to compete in today’s economy.
This #VeteransDay, join me in honoring the courageous men women who fought continue to fight to defend our freedom. We honor the selfless service sacrifice that our vets their families make to keep our nation safe strong.
I am deeply disappointed w/ the DOJ’s response to concerns surrounding voter access in GA. The right to vote is fundamental to our democracy we must safeguard protect this right regardless of politics or ideology. DOJ’s refusal to act is profoundly troubling.
OTD in 1968, #ShirleyChisholm made history as the first African-American woman elected to Congress. She was a champion for communities of color, immigrants, children, the poor. Let’s honor her by getting out to vote electing leaders who fight #ForThePeople. #UnboughtUnbossed
“SW, GA (WALB) - The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers announced Friday that it has been granted authority to resume debris removal efforts while the GAO continues to assess the merits of the protests in Decatur, Dougherty, Seminole, Miller Mitchell
I thank the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for taking action to expedite debris removal activities in Middle and Southwest Georgia.
Open Enrollment is only six weeks – November 1 to December 15. Don’t miss your chance to #GetCovered on for 2019! Open enrollment has begun.
Chairman Aderholt I wrote to Chairman Frelinghuysen Ranking Member Lowey urging passage of a disaster approps bill to address the recent disasters that have caused destruction losses for our nation’s farmers rural communities.
The IRS has provided guidance for taxpayers in for taxpayers in GA and FL taxpayers impacted by Hurricane Michael.
I thank @fema for recognizing the significant recovery needs facing Middle Southwest Georgia following Hurricane Michael. This amendment to the major disaster declaration will ensure additional communities receive the help they need to rebuild.
@USDA has provided resources to help restore communities impacted by Hurricane Michael other disasters. 
Disaster recovery centers have opened in Baker, Decatur, and Terrell counties to help those in need of assistance following Hurricane Michael:
@FEMA has released the following advice on applying for disaster assistance following Hurricane Michael:
The disastrous aftermath of Hurricane Michael is visible throughout #GA02 it is imperative that we continue to restore our communities and get assistance to those who need it.
Replacement SNAP benefits are available to residents in need:
RT @Mil_FANet: MFAN executive director, @Shannon_D86 is at Fairchild AFB for the Congressional Military Family Caucus Summit speaking on mi…
Hurricane Michael caused significant devastation to Mid SW GA. This new major disaster declaration paves the way for individual assistance provides communities with resources to remove debris restore infrastructure services.
Current timeline for power restoration in GA02:
Due to the power outages from Hurricane Michael, my Albany office is currently out of service. If you are a constituent in need of assistance, please call my Macon (478-803-2631), Columbus (706-320-9477), or DC office (202-225-3631).
Hurricane Michael caused catastrophic damage throughout Middle SW GA. This emergency declaration will open up desperately needed resources to help communities provide basic services to their citizenry through FEMA’s Public Assistance program.
RT @fema: As Hurricane #Michael nears land, take shelter stay safe.�Follow weather updates on your phone or radio.� In a tornado WARN…
Here is a list of storm shelters in #GA02:  
Yesterday, I joined my colleagues in the GA Congressional Delegation in requesting expedited emergency resources to aid counties in GA expected to be impacted by #HurricaneMichael.
Today is the last day to register to #VOTE in Georgia. You can check your registration status and register to vote here:
My office is closely monitoring #HurricaneMichael. Make sure you take the steps to ensure that you your family are prepared safe. Download the @FEMA app for NWS alerts follow the safety warnings given to you from state local officials.
There are several types of domestic violence NONE of them are acceptable. Don’t ignore the red flags. If you think you/someone you know is experiencing intimate partner violence, call the National Domestic Violence Hotline @ 1-800-799-SAFE (7233).#DomesticViolenceAwarenessMonth
Breast cancer is one of the most common cancers in the U.S. can affect both men women. Get screened educate yourself on the warning signs, because early detection saves lives. #BreastCancerAwarenessMonth
This legislation takes a number of positive steps to shore up our military provides funding for an assortment of necessary programs services for the American people. I urge the President to sign this minibus CR into law to avoid a government
I'm pleased that the FTA has recognized the importance value of investing in a modern public transportation system for the people of Albany, GA. These funds will connect residents to jobs, stores, places of worship enhance public safety convenience.
Our democracy works when everyone is engaged and participates. Make sure your voice is heard in November by registering to vote this #NationalVoterRegistrationDay.
Thank you to @SkillsUSA  for stopping by to discuss the importance of top quality training ample employment opportunities for students in Georgia’s technical colleges.
It’s always a pleasure to attend the #PlainsPeanutFestival and meet with the wonderful people of Plains. As Co-Chair of the Congressional Peanut Caucus, I never miss an opportunity to share, discuss, and celebrate the strong economic impact of Georgia peanuts!
In observance of National POW/MIA Recognition Day, let us honor those who were prisoners of war, pray for those who are still missing in action, take a moment to thank them for their heroic sacrifice on behalf of their country.
Our local health centers continue to serve those w/ geographic economic need. This funding will continue to enhance the availability of quality, affordable, accessible healthcare in multiple health centers throughout #GA02.
Congratulations to @FVSU for being ranked the No.1 #HBCU in Georgia!
I would like to wish a sincere Happy Birthday to @usairforce give a huge thank you to our heroes in the sky who protect serve our nation.
Suicide is the 10th top cause of death in the U.S. can affect anyone, regardless of age/race/creed/gender. Take time to check on your loved ones, b/c one life lost is one too many. If you or a loved one is having suicidal thoughts, call 1-800-273-8255. #SuicidePreventionMonth
I was honored to join my colleagues, @RepEBJ @RepAnthonyBrown, @SecWilkie, @RepMarkTakano,  fmr Rep. Charlie Rangel, @ the Vets Braintrust for the #CBCALC. We must address the issues that impact our veterans, I will make sure the VA has the resources it needs to serve them.
The first ‘minibus’ funding package was much improved during the conference committee process. This legislation includes funding for our military installations, veterans programs, and energy water infrastructure.
I'm pleased that the Conference Report for S. 3021 includes the transfer of the Earle May Recreational Area to the City of Bainbridge, which will allow for the  City to more efficiently manage and utilize this treasure.
I'm pleased w/ the VA's announcement awarding a contract for the Columbus Medical Clinic. It has been a priority of mine, I worked w/ the local chamber of commerce government to ensure that over 30,000 local vets have access to this clinic.
It was an honor to speak to America's VetDogs and join several of my colleagues in supporting enhanced mobility and renewed independence to veterans, active-duty service members, and first responders with disabilities, allowing them to live with pride and self-reliance.
The impacts of 9/11 resonate to this day. Our lives were forever changed. We must remember the resilience the dedication we showed to our fellow Americans during that most trying of times. We must also remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice.
September is #NationalPreparednessMonth. Plan ahead to make sure your family is prepared in the event of a disaster. You should also be on the lookout for #WirelessEmergencyAlerts from @FEMA. #PrepareNow
I have long supported beginning, socially disadvantaged, veteran farmers. The proposed Farming Opportunities Training Outreach Program will ensure the next generation of farmers has the resources they need to be  successful.
USDA Rural Development is a vital source of support for rural communities, the funding provided to Baker County is already allowing the county to augment its safety emergency services for the benefit of its citizens.
In observance of #LaborDay, I would like to say “Thank You” to those who have contributed to our nation’s strength, prosperity, and well-being and to those who work tirelessly to sustain them! Have a happy and safe Labor Day!
I met w/ leadership @FortBenning to discuss toxic lead exposure to our servicemembers they are addressing the issue. The well-being of our military families is a top priority, I will work w/ the Pentagon my colleagues to address these reports.
I had the privilege of visiting @MCLBAlbany. I  toured the facilities, assessed recovery efforts discussed initiatives w/ the MCLB team. I also witnessed the hard work of the Marines citizens from the community. @MLCBAlbany thank you for your service hospitality.
It is vital that we weigh the impacts of our policy decisions have an honest conversation about our nation's budgetary situation. Thank you to Phil Smith of @ConcordC the Columbus community for a productive insightful fiscal responsibility workshop.
I find reports of potential lead exposure in DoD housing units troubling. The safety well-being of our military families is of the utmost importance. Military installations are vital to our servicemembers they should be afforded top-quality housing.
Our country has lost a true patriot! He always put God, Country and service to others before himself and his party.  Truly Senator John McCain has earned a seat on the right hand of the Father!
I am pleased that the Randolph Co. Board of Elections Registration rejected the ill-advised proposal to close 7 of the 9 polling stations in the county. The right to vote is fundamental to our system of government. #GA02
I was honored to join my fellow Georgian Former President, Jimmy Carter, other community leaders at the grand opening of Mercer Medicine Plains! This telemedicine facility will provide the people of Plains surrounding areas w/ accessible affordable medical care.
I sent this letter to @USAGSessions  @BrianKempGA expressing my opposition to the recent proposal to close 7 of 9 voter polling stations in Randolph Co.  All voters should be able to have their voices heard on Election Day.
I'm outraged by the proposal to close 7 of 9 polling stations in Randolph Co. will do everything to stop this disgraceful act of voter suppression. I will reach out to the USDOJ the GA Sec. of State to express my opposition to these proposed closures.
As the Co-Chairs of the House Peanut Caucus, Rep. Roby (AL-02) I sent a letter to Secretary Perdue urging the USDA to respond to recent negative trade actions by China that threaten the U.S. peanut industry.  
The Queen of Soul touched our souls with just the right music for every need and every emotion in every stage of our lives!  The world is better because Aretha Franklin blessed it with her God-given talent!
Thank you to the Air Logistics Complex @RobinsAFB_GA for all that you do on behalf of our nation. I look forward to great things as you prepare to create 1,200 jobs in the next 12 months.
As your Representative in Congress, I take pride in keeping you up-to-date on the important issues facing GA the nation through my e-newsletter. Follow this link to subscribe:
Ron fought for those who faced persecution battled for ‘peace, justice, humanity’ for all people. He is an inspiration for today’s leaders my thoughts prayers go out to Ron’s family, friends, colleagues during this time of loss.
Yesterday, I sent a letter to House Senate leaders on the conference committee for the 2018 Farm Bill urging them to come to an agreement that provides certainty relief to farmers, rural communities, those relying on food nutrition programs.
On this day 70 years ago, President Truman issued the executive order that desegregated the Military. This order ultimately resulted in the unified, dedicated, and representative armed forces we have today. Please join me in celebrating this important day in history.
#NetNeutrality protects small businesses innovators in our district by ensuring they have a level playing field online. The @FCC repeal will gut those protections. #SaveTheInternet
Today, Representative @PeteSessions and I introduced the Faster Treatments Cures for Eye Diseases Act (H.R. 6421), to fund translational research and advance treatments and cures for blindness and other eye conditions.
RT @WorkingForests: Today's panel discussion with Secretary Perdue and guests from across the House, Senate, and industry was informative a…
As Co-Chair of the Congressional Caucus on Working Forests, I was delighted to join my colleagues @SecretarySonny to discuss bipartisan bicameral solutions to expand forest product markets timber innovation.
“Scents” I am a member of the Congressional Fragrance Caucus, I was happy to speak at the Fragrance Creators Association’s Capitol Hill Perfumery Event on the creative artistry uniqueness of the fragrance industry which supports a multitude of jobs in GA nationwide.
Thank you @hohofcvc for your outstanding efforts to ensure that our nation’s Veterans and their spouses are recognized for their service to our country.
As co-chair of the Congressional Auto Performance Motorsports Caucus, I recognize car tuning, racing, collecting as a part of the American spirit. I salute all who take pride in their vehicles put in time/energy to make them true display pieces. #CollectorCarAppreciationDay
@rosadelauro and I sent a letter to @SecretarySonny about the thousands of people that could lose access to SNAP at farmers markets. We urged him to update us on @USDA’s progress to address this critical issue.
Our communities are still recovering from the destruction that was caused in 2017. These FEMA grants will provide relief to Albany Macon-Bibb County. I thank FEMA for its work on behalf of all communities that have been struck by natural disaster.
I am calling on the administration and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to ensure that every mother is reunited with her child. #ReuniteEveryChild
As we commemorate the 54th anniversary of the #CivilRightsAct, let us reflect on the courageous work done by those before us and remember that we must always continue the fight for equality for all.
I was honored to welcome Gerald Corker of Cairo, GA, Winner of the #CAC for #GA02, his family to our nation’s capital.
RT @RepLouCorrea: I am leading 122 #Democrats in demanding answers from @DHSgov @HHSgov. DHS+HHS Inspectors General must immediately cond…
We need a comprehensive compassionate immigration system that balances our security workforce needs w/ our values of uplifting individuals who strive for a better life. The immigration bills put forth this week fail to uphold our nation’s values.
Americans with pre-existing conditions shouldn’t face discrimination. Period. #ProtectOurCare
The administration’s policy of separating children from their families at the border is inhumane inconsistent with our nation’s values. I urge the administration to find its humanity to immediately cease this destructive policy of family separation.
As we celebrate the end of such a dark period in our nation’s history, let us rejoice at how far we have come as a society and reflect upon how far we have yet to go. #Juneteenth
I was proud to vote in support of the FY19 Defense Appropriations Act during its consideration in committee, and I look forward to the bill’s consideration on the House floor.
I am pleased to announce that @USDA's Rural Housing Service has approved over $2.5 million in Multi-Family Housing Loan Guarantees for SWGA.  
Today marks the 74th anniversary of the allied invasion of Europe against the Nazis, known as D-Day. Let us honor the brave soldiers, sailors, and airmen that participated in the assaults in Normandy, France on this day. We are forever thankful.
Today, we recognize the sacrifice that many men women have made in the name of freedom. Our nation is indebted to these brave Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen, Marines, Coast Guardsmen. Let us honor them their families by making sure their legacies aren't forgotten. #MemorialDay
I was honored to deliver the commencement speech to my alma mater’s 2018 graduating class. I firmly believe this group of prodigious Morehouse Men will continue to defy the odds, set the standards for excellence, and change the world.  #Morehouse #HBCU
Congrats to @LeeMiddleWest’s SOLVE Team! These students represented #GA02 in Samsung's Solve For Tomorrow Contest as a top 10 finalist won $50K for their school. Their Tractor Angel notifies authorities when a tractor rolls over to ensure a timely response. #STEM
Congratulations to the Men’s Tennis Team @ColumbusState on winning the NCAA Division 2 Men’s Tennis Final and becoming national champions! #GA02
Yesterday, I sent a letter, joined by 25 of my colleagues, to Administrator Emily Murphy of @USGSA urging her to take into consideration any potential negative impacts to @AbilityOne75 as GSA considers reforms to federal acquisition regulations.
I would like to thank my colleagues on the U.S. House Appropriations Committee for working diligently in a bipartisan manner to pass out of committee the FY19 Agriculture Appropriations bill, which funds USDA, FDA, our nutrition/ farm programs.
I had the opportunity to attend the groundbreaking for the new Fire Station Governmental Complex in Blakely, GA, which was supported by a $3.4 million loan from @usdaRD. This complex will enhance safety services in the community I look forward to its completion! #GA02
I am pleased with our progress on this important legislation, which includes funding for our food safety-net programs provides support for our rural housing, water, broadband programs.
Today, @AppropsDems came together to meet the needs of our service members, veterans, their families.  I am confident that the FY19 bill enhances our military readiness provides the resources necessary to deliver care to our nation’s veterans.
I was honored to speak on the @HouseFloor encouraging the passage of the Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act (H.R. 4910). I joined @AustinScottGA08 in sponsoring this legislation applaud my colleagues for its unanimous passage in the House.
Thank you to all the talented contestants in this year’s #CongressionalArtCompetition and congratulations to the winner, Gerald Corker of Cairo, Georgia.
It was great meeting with the @NACD_RD and Lintech International, LLC, located in Macon, Georgia, to discuss the reauthorization of the @DHSgov's Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards program.
RT @GCSMathEdLeader: Thank you @SanfordBishop for a great conversation about the importance of math education and the essential support fed…
These grants will help revitalize the City of Albany by supporting the assessment of contaminated properties in the area. This is a vital function of the EPA, I look forward to seeing this cleanup process realized.
Today, I authored a letter to U.S. Trade Representative Robert E. Lighthizer urging him to take action to address China’s recently announced agricultural tariffs.
During today’s @USDA hearing with @SecretarySonny, I expressed concerns over a number of proposals included in the Fiscal Year 2019 USDA budget, particularly over the proposed reforms to SNAP, as well as the need to address food deserts in both rural and urban areas.
As a Co-Chair of the Working Forests Caucus, I was delighted to join the @nafoalliance last night to celebrate the tremendous benefits that private working forests provide to our rural economies and the entire nation.
I was deeply saddened when I learned that Former First Lady Barbara Bush had passed. May her elegance, compassion, and impeccable legacy live on forever. My wife and I offer our sincerest condolences to the Bush family during their time of bereavement.
At today’s hearing, I discussed the role of vapor devices as a harm reduction for those seeking to quit or limit their smoking. H.R. 1136 supports the availability of these products, while keeping nicotine products away from children via strong advertising labeling rules.
The Farm Bill is of vital importance to me and my constituents. It provides certainty and support to the farmers that feed our nation and world, and dignity and sustenance to our most vulnerable citizens.
RT @FaithPepp: Great to visit with @SanfordBishop staff today. They care about Ga agriculture and farmers!
I enjoyed meeting with @CentralGAEMC to discuss ways to provide access to reliable broadband and robust rural development programs to rural America.
I had the opportunity to meet with the Southern Grocery Industry Association to discuss the pressing agricultural issues facing Georgia’s Second Congressional District.
In conjunction w/ the support from @FEMA, the CDBG-DR funding from @HUDgov will provide substantial recovery assistance toward meeting unmet housing business needs, as well as mitigation assistance to protect the area from damage from future storms.
Fifty years ago, we lost one of our nation’s most valiant and respected leaders, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. In view of what is going on in the world today, there is no better time than today to pause, reflect, and honor the life of Dr. King. #MLK50
I was deeply saddened to learn of the death of Winnie Mandela. She was a  brave woman who stood for what she believed in. I extend heartfelt condolences to her family and friends.
On this #VietnamWarVeteransDay , let us recognize and pay tribute to all of those who served in the Vietnam War. Thank you for your service and sacrifice on behalf of our country.
I participated in the Rural Hunger Roundtable @ABAC_College  with @AustinScottGA08 and other community partners to discuss the pressing issues facing our nation’s agricultural industry and rural communities like those in Middle and Southwest GA.
Attention all #GA02 high school students! My office is still accepting entries for this year’s #CongressionalArtCompetition. For more information, contact my office at 229-439-8067.
RT @AlzGA: Thank you to @SanfordBishop's Macon office staff for meeting with @alzambassadors Michael Dinkins today regarding #BOLDAlzheimer…
Glad to be #PeanutProud! #GA02 #PeanutProudFestival
RT @SecretarySonny: Big $600 million boost for rural broadband in #Omnibus. New pilot grant loan combo program, administered by @USDA, wi…
I am pleased that we now can provide federal agencies programs with the certainty they need to carry out their missions until the end of September.
Georgia is the #1 state for forestry in the nation and  has more than 24 million acres of forestland. As of 2016, Georgia’s forest industry supported nearly 145,000 jobs and contributed $35.2 billion to the state’s economy.
RT @USDA: During #NationalAgWeek, we pause to celebrate the many farmers, ranchers and foresters working hard to grow the food, fuel and fi…
Farmers markets provide a great opportunity to buy fresh food. State farmers markets are responsible for over $1B in sales per year. GA runs 9 year-round farmers markets, including 4 in my district. For a full list of community farmers markets, visit .
From fruits and vegetables to pecans and livestock, agriculture in Georgia provides an abundance of #FoodForLife.  #AgWeek
I enjoyed celebrating #NationalAgDay with @Robert_Aderholt and @SenJohnHoeven @USDA!
Happy #NationalAgDay! Today is dedicated to our farmers, ranchers, and producers. To everyone who wakes up early to work on the land, thank you!
I was honored to receive the Spirit of Enterprise award from the @USChamber!  I will continue to do all that I can to cultivate and promote our nation’s businesses.
