Updating and investing in our wastewater infrastructure is absolutely critical, especially in rural areas of the state where it is long overdue. That's why I'm proud to announce $1.5M for wastewater expansion in McDowell County. MORE:
As West Virginians, we know that our hardworking and patriotic miners put their lives on the line every day. Gayle and I send our hearts out to Adam DeBoard’s family and loved ones, and we, like all West Virginians, will keep them in our prayers.
RT @EnergyDems: .@Sen_JoeManchin: "As ranking member of the Senate Energy Natural Resources Committee, I will be fighting to ensure #WV p…
Today on #InternationalWomensDay - and every day - we celebrate and thank the women in our lives who are making our country and world a better place. We owe it to every American to stand up for women’s rights and bridge the #GenderEquality gap in our nation.
RT @EnergyDems: As we move towards a cleaner #energy future we must ensure legacy producing states like #WV are apart of #climatechange sol…
It was great meeting with retired @MineWorkers miners in my office today. Our coal miners have provided our nation with the energy we needed to power our nation to prosperity, and we owe it to them to provide them the healthcare benefits and pensions they've earned.
Current medical privacy laws can lead to potentially dangerous medical situations for patients with substance abuse disorder. That's why I'm urging @HHSGov Secretary Alex Azar to initiate a rulemaking process that will improve coordination of care. MORE:
It was an honor to visit with #WV Veterans of Foreign Wars today. Thank you for your service!
I applaud @POTUS for signing an Executive Order to help combat Veterans suicide. This special task force will coordinate efforts to determine what works issue funding to community-based organizations. I will continue to do everything I can to help end his devastating problem.
Today during the first Senate hearing of the 116th Congress to address the #climate crisis our nation is facing, I stood up for #WV's coal miners, who we can't leave behind during transitions to a new fuel or #energy provider. MORE: @EnergyDems
Last year, Chad Readler filed a motion on behalf of @TheJusticeDept to take away healthcare from people with pre-existing conditions, including 800,000 West Virginians. For this reason, I will oppose Mr. Readler's nomination to be a judge on the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals.
I am honored to be able to lead the Congressional Squadron of @CivilAirPatrol and support this admirable organization. As a pilot myself, I look forward to watching the accomplishments of the Civil Air Patrol as pilots and as citizens as they continue to serve their country.
All West Virginians deserve safe, clean drinking water. That’s why I’m proud to introduce bipartisan legislation mandating that the @EPA declare PFAS as hazardous substances enabling a requirement that polluters undertake or pay for remediation. MORE:
Today’s announcement by @Facebook that it will lay fiber throughout #WV is a great investment in our state. West Virginians deserve to have reliable access to broadband regardless of where they live, and today's news is a step in the right direction. MORE:
My staff will be across the state Monday for #ManchinMobileMonday! Come by any of these locations for hands-on help from my staff with federal or state issues.
I am grateful that the WV Division of Highways has received more than $1.4M through the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s (FEMA) public assistance grant program to repair roadways damaged by storms in April 2018. MORE:
Mr. @JeffBezos, my little state could benefit from the type of investment Amazon’s second HQ could bring, and I think Wild Wonderful #WV would contribute more than you could ever believe to your company your legacy. I pledge to assist in any way I can to make this a reality.
Today I wrote to @Amazon CEO @JeffBezos, urging him to choose #WV as the new site of Amazon’s new HQ. WV's hardworking citizens, business-friendly economic environment, vast highway system, beautiful landscape are just a few reasons HQ2 should be in #WV.
WATCH: Today, I questioned WVU Director of Addiction Services James Berry other experts on the opioid epidemic in America ways we can fight addiction at the state local level. We must put an end to this terrible epidemic better help those who are addicted and seeking help
I'm proud to announce @HHSGov has awarded more than $14M to health centers in West Virginia. As a member of @SenateApprops, I'll continue advocating for the support of these health centers that provide such necessary care for our fellow citizens. MORE:
Happy to welcome back @IEABirol to testify before @EnergyDems about the state of global #energymarkets. WATCH HERE:
I'm saddened to hear that the New River Train has been canceled, but I am committed to doing whatever I can to save the traditions and communities threatened by Amtrak’s new policies that harm nonprofits like Collis P. Huntington. MORE:
I voted against Andrew Wheeler to be @EPA Administrator b/c as Acting Admin. he hasn’t demonstrated a desire or will to make meaningful progress on clean drinking water standards has rolled back clean air standards that are directly impacting WVians.
@wvutechsports #WV is proud of the @wvutechsports women's basketball team for winning their conference championship game last night. The Mountain State will be represented well by the Golden Bears in the NAIA national tournament! 
Congratulations to the @wvutechsports men's basketball team on a thrilling conference championship win last night in Beckley. Good luck in the #NAIADIIMBB national tournament - #WV will be rooting for you!
I’m excited that the House just passed the Natural Resources Management Act. This #landspackage, which includes permanent reauthorization of #LWCF, is a great bipartisan win for #WV and our country!
It was an honor to meet with WV @DAVHQ leadership today and talk about issues that are important to our Veterans, including strengthening VA healthcare. We owe a debt of gratitude to our Veterans, and I will always stand up for those who served our country.
I traveled across the state meeting with local entrepreneurs this week for National Entrepreneurship Week. Innovation starts with just an idea, and it’s important that we support local entrepreneurs in making their big ideas come to life! #NatlEshipWeek
Through her brilliance, strength courage, Katherine Johnson proved to the country that anyone—regardless of race, gender, or background—can touch the stars. Katherine Johnson is a WV hero the renaming of @NASA's Fairmont facility is a fitting tribute to her accomplishments!
I’m glad that @ARCgov is investing in West Virginia’s economy. This $3.6 million in grant funding will help create the jobs, services and infrastructure needed to attract new industries to our communities. MORE:
We have so much economic potential in southern WV and our local entrepreneurs are leading the way for a brighter future in our state. I'm proud to have hosted an Entrepreneurship and Innovation Roundtable for #nationalentrepreneurshipweek. @Register_Herald
The permanent reauthorization of the #LWCF is an incredible win for WV’s natural beauty and those who enjoy it. I celebrated this week at the Canyon Rim Visitors Center in Fayette County, with one of the best views in the state!
Big changes are happening at @BechtelSummit ahead of the @2019_wsj. Bringing this camp to WV was one of my proudest achievements because there’s no better home for the Scouts than right here in West Virginia. We look forward to welcoming Scouts from around the world in July!
I spoke with WV business leaders this morning at an entrepreneurship and innovation roundtable at WVU Tech. Small businesses and entrepreneurs are doing big things in southern WV, and business incubators like @HiveWV are helping bring ideas to reality.
Today’s celebration of the Appalachian Forest Heritage Area‘s impending designation as a national heritage area has been years in the making. I’m glad the Senate approved this in the Natural Resources Management Act, allowing us to showcase WV’s cultural forest heritage.
I was glad to answer questions and hear about the issues that matter to our students and community members at a town hall at @WVWesleyan. Thank you to everyone who joined me in Upshur County today!
I was thrilled to speak at the USDA ReConnect grant workshop in Buckhannon this morning about the importance of expanding broadband access to unserved areas of WV. This program provides $600m in broadband funding to rural states like WV that need it most.
Gayle and I are terribly saddened to hear the news of the passing of Evelyn Roberts, mother of UMWA president Cecil Roberts. During this incredibly difficult time, our thoughts and prayers are with Cecil, their families, and all of the members of UMWA family that knew her well.
I'm glad that @CommerceGov's Economic Development Administration has awarded $1.5 million to improve water infrastructure in White Sulphur Springs. This investment marks an important milestone in our recovery from the 2016 flooding. MORE:
Our coal miners shouldn’t pay the price when coal companies go bankrupt. But once again, retired coal miners are having their healthcare pensions ripped away from them after years of backbreaking work. It’s past time Congress kept our promise passed the American Miners Act
We can't keep solely relying on carrier-reported data for our broadband maps. That's why I'm urging @AjitPaiFCC to implement a public feedback mechanism so consumers states can inform broadband coverage maps report areas w/o broadband to the FCC. MORE:
Although it took us a long time to get here, I’m glad we’ve finally passed these bills, avoided another government shutdown, and brought many positive changes to #WV and our nation.
Finally, "Skylar's Law" is included in the bill. This bill will direct the Secretary to establish a National Endangered Missing Advisory network that would enable immediate public notification regardless of evidence of abduction.
@Amtrak's Charleston ticket agent is restored under the funding bill. It also requires Amtrak to justify decisions that jeopardize the future of the annual New River Train.
The bill provides significant funding to the USDA for their rural broadband loan and grant programs, and helps to support NTIA’s effort to improve national broadband coverage maps. It also directs NTIA to engage with rural communities to enhance accuracy.
Securing our nation's borders protects the state of West Virginia and the country as a whole. The funding bill includes $1.7B for border security technology, $1.375B in funding for construction of the wall, and $44M for new personnel at ICE to investigate opioid trafficking.
The bill includes nearly $1B for federal agencies specifically directed at fighting the opioid epidemic. It ensures aid is prioritized to rural areas with the highest rates of addiction like West Virginia.
I’m glad Republicans and Democrats have come together on these seven appropriations bills, which include many of my #WV priorities.
Today's announcement by Arch Coal that it plans to open a new coal mine in Barbour County, creating an est. 600 new jobs, is great news for #WV! Arch knows that WV is the right state to invest in because of our hardworking, dedicated miners. @WVMetroNews
The VA Provider Accountability Act will bring much needed accountability to the Dept. of Veterans Affairs ensure that our Veterans are receiving the highest quality of care. This bill provides a fix that can be supported on both sides of the aisle. MORE:
This morning, Rev. Eddie H. Edmonds of Moler Avenue Church of the Brethren in Martinsburg led the U.S. Senate in its opening prayer. Thank you, Rev. Edmonds, for lifting our nation and its leaders up in prayer as we seek to make the best decisions for all Americans.
Proud of Morgantown High School @ONEMHS and Suncrest Middle School @NiceSuncrest students for once again advancing to the National Science Bowl finals in April. Congratulations and good luck! #NSB2019
43 #WV counties receive #SecureRuralSchools payments to fund schools, fix roads support law enfcmt. Reauthorizing #SRS is a win for rural communities. Thx @MikeCrapo @RonWyden @SenatorRisch @lisamurkowski @SenJeffMerkley for cosponsoring this vital bill
WATCH: I’m urging my colleagues to support my bill, the American Miners Act, that will ensure that none of our coal miners or their beneficiaries would lose their healthcare, pension, or black lung benefits. It’s time to finish the job keep the promise to our miners.
Happy 96th birthday to my good friend West Virginia Hero @GenChuckYeager. Thank you for your service to our great country!
I'm proud to have worked with colleagues from both sides of the aisle to permanently reauthorize the #LWCF, which will help us protect and showcase the natural beauty of Wild, Wonderful West Virginia for generations to come. @IntelligencerWV
America remains the greatest country on Earth because of the patriotism of our Fallen service members their families. That's why I've introduced a resolution supporting the designation of March 2, 2019 as Gold Star Families Remembrance Day. MORE:
It was heartwarming to hang out with my good friend and Special Olympic medalist Peggy Molnar today. Peggy advocated for the inclusion of all people and even sang me a song! Proud to call her a fellow Mountaineer!
Today's news that #WV will be included in the new NTIA initiative to ensure the accuracy of the national broadband availability map means areas without broadband will be better positioned to get critical funding needed to deploy broadband. MORE:
Today I will vote to confirm William Barr to be the next Attorney General because he is well-qualified and I am confident that he will faithfully execute the duties of the chief law enforcement officer of the United States of America.
WATCH: #LWCF funds have provided access to and protected some of #WV’s most popular recreation sites. I support permanent reauthorization of the #LWCF because it plays a crucial role in keeping WV “Wild and Wonderful.”
WATCH: I'm on the floor speaking in support of the #PublicLands package which includes permanent reauthorization of the #LWCF
As a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I helped secure more than $2 million in educational grants for WV from @USDOL. These funds will help youth finish high school, support workforce training, help build housing for homeless youth. MORE:
Being a Boy Scout was one of the highlights of my life. Happy 109th birthday, @boyscouts - we can't wait to host Scouts from around the world right here in WV at @BechtelSummit during the @2019_wsj later this year!
These bills will give people more chances to get help ensure we’re fighting this crisis while stopping new people from becoming addicted to these horrible drugs. I hope that my colleagues will help those battling addiction sign these bills into law.
The DEA Enforcement and Authority Act would restore the DEA’s ability to effectively enforce our nation’s drug laws by making the critical changes requested by the Department of Justice to the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act, which passed in 2016.
The Protecting Americans from Dangerous Opioids Act would put a cap on the number of FDA approved opioid medications, by requiring the FDA to remove approval for an existing opioid medication for every new opioid medication that it approves.
The FDA Accountability for Public Safety Act requires FDA to seek advice of an advisory cmte before approving new opioids requires FDA to provide report to Congress if it goes against the advice of that cmte. Distribution of drug would be prohibited until report is submitted.
The Changing the Culture of the FDA Act changes the FDA's mission statement to include its responsibility for addressing the public health impact of the opioid epidemic. To date, FDA has failed to consider the devastating impact of the dangerously addictive opioids it approves.
The LifeBOAT Act will establish a 1¢ fee on each mG of opioid in a pain pill to fund efforts to provide expand access to substance abuse treatment. It includes a rebate for cancer related pain and hospice patients an exemption for opioids used for medically assisted treatment
People suffering with addiction are not bad people and deserve a second chance. The Clean Start Act will give an opportunity for people to have their criminal record sealed after undergoing comprehensive addiction treatment demonstrating a commitment to their recovery.
WV is ground zero of the opioid epidemic and I have been working to make sure that we have the right tools to fight this crisis. That's why I've reintroduced 6 bills that address various aspects of the crisis. MORE:
This #publiclands package makes sense for #WV it makes sense for the country. Permanently reauthorizing the #LWCF will help preserve West Virginia’s #AlmostHeaven natural beauty for generations to come and is a boom to our state’s economy.
RT @Infor: Announcing our new 12,000-square-foot office set up to support 100+ employees in downtown Charleston, West Virginia. Our CEO @cp…
I met with representatives from the Community Anti-Drug Coalition in WV to talk about the importance of keeping our communities safe and drug-free. I'll continue to push for legislation to help those suffering with addiction while keeping more WVians from becoming addicted.
JOBS NEWS: @Infor is bringing 100 new jobs to its new Charleston regional office. These high-tech jobs will help run #cloud applications for public-sector agencies. I’m proud to have worked w/ Infor CEO Charles Phillips on bringing these jobs to WV. MORE:
I’m happy to welcome Jim Wood from @WVUEnergy to testify in front of the Senate Energy Natural Resources Committee. We’ll be discussing energy innovation in #WV and around the country. WATCH LIVE: 
HAPPENING NOW: I’m on the Senate floor talking about the bipartisan #publiclands package that will permanently reauthorize #LWCF. WATCH:
Students at Webster County High School @Webcohigh received a special surprise today as I Skyped with them from my office. @POTUS called me, and the President took time out of his schedule to talk to the students over speakerphone.
Today I talked to @HoppyKercheval abt how I was encouraged by the President’s bipartisan tone during #SOTU. Now it’s time for @POTUS to take the lead work with Democrats and Republicans to find the best pathway forward for securing our border, while keeping our government open.
Tonight the Senate voted to proceed to a S.47, a #publiclands package that will permanently reauthorize #LWCF keep #WV wild wonderful for years to come. Conservation is commonsense helps support our state outdoor economy.
Tonight at #SOTU, I hope to hear the President chart a different path for our country – one of unity, compromise commonsense. As always, I stand ready willing to work with @POTUS, his admin. my Dem, GOP colleagues to help WVians Americans. MORE:
RT @EnergyDems: . @Sen_JoeManchin’s first hearing at ranking member is underway. Today we’ll be discussing evolving energy and minerals mar…
Senators have an obligation to advise consent on the President’s nominees. Just as I do with all nominees I will examine David Bernhardt’s record qualifications to be Secretary of Interior. I look forward to meeting w/him to having him appear before @EnergyDems committee
I am proud to introduce the GEAR UP for Success Act and am excited to see how these West Virginians and Americans will shape our world into an even better one than we already have.
During the 2017-18 academic year, WV GEAR UP students spent more than 39,000 hours engaged in activities that promote academic achievement, career exploration, college awareness and ultimately increased participation in postsecondary education.
I'm proud to introduce the GEAR UP for Success Act, which would improve the GEAR UP federal grant program by giving grant recipients more flexibility to cater to local students’ needs. MORE:
The @ARCgov is now accepting POWER Grant proposals until April 10 at 5PM. The POWER initiative has awarded $120 million to improve the economic outlook of coal-impacted communities. Organizations can learn more and apply for funding at
Gayle and I are thankful that coaches and players on the Martinsburg girls basketball team are safe and recovering following a bus accident last night in Beckley. We ask all West Virginians to pray for their safe return to Martinsburg and for speedy recoveries.
.@USDOL is now accepting applications from job creators for the HIRE Vets Medallion Program, which recognizes small businesses, non-profit organizations, and large companies that recruit, employ, and retain America’s veterans. To apply, visit #HIREVets
I heard @senatemajldr wanted some #WV crushed grapes, so I dropped some off at his office today.
.@WoodyWilliams45 is one of the last living WWII Medal of Honor recipients. That’s why today I asked @realDonaldTrump for a single state funeral to honor one of our last national heroes and all 16 million men and women who served from 1941 to 1945.
Due to Amtrak’s new polices, the New River Train may never run again. I'm urging @Amtrak CEO Richard Anderson to reconsider policies that are creating hardship for the Collis P. Huntington Historical Railroad Society and harming our #WV communities.
The gov't shutdown had dire consequences in many rural #WV communities they are concerned about shutdown-related delays slowing SRS funding. That’s why I urged @SecretarySonny and @DOIDepSec to ensure their agencies disperse SRS payments ASAP.
On this day 10 years ago, the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was signed into law. I proudly cast my first vote in the U.S. Senate for this bill, and I will continue to fight for #EqualPay for equal work.
Congress the White House think government shutdowns are good politics. So I’m proposing a constitutional amendment that would prevent any of those folks from being paid during any shutdown. I will push for a vote on this, and I triple-dog-dare my colleagues to vote against it.
The American Miners Act of 2019 would transfer excess funding from the Abandoned Mine Land fund to the 1974 Pension Plan, raise the cap on these funds from $490M to $750M, protect miners whose healthcare is at risk due to the 2018 bankruptcies of both Westmoreland and Mission.
That’s why today I met with retired @MineWorkers miners to reiterate my commitment to protecting their pensions healthcare. I introduced the American Miners Act of 2019, which will protect the pensions of nearly 26,000 retired miners in West Virginia.
The @Mine_Workers 1974 Pension Plan is on the road to insolvency by 2022. If more bankruptcies happen before then, it could become insolvent even sooner. It’s time for us to keep our promise to our miners and ensure their pension benefits are not lost.
RT @CharlestonRabbi: "Teaching the truth about the Holocaust is crucial for all. The world must always remember what happens when any socie…
RT @FoxNewsSunday: . @Sen_JoeManchin  and @RoyBlunt are on Fox News Sunday tomorrow, Check your local listings to watch #FNS #FoxNews
RT @FaceTheNation: SUNDAY: @MickMulvaneyOMB, @Sen_JoeManchin, @SenatorCollins, @mayor_margo, @MEP41 Don't miss @FaceTheNation this Sunday…
I’m glad the government is finally reopening. This politically-motivated and extremely hurtful shutdown has harmed millions of Americans and West Virginians. I look forward to working in a bipartisan way to fix our border security and immigration problems.
RT @MineWorkers: 129 years ago a group of coal miners, mostly immigrants, came together in Columbus OH and formed the #UMWA. They forbade d…
West Virginians are hurting. We need to reopen the government now.
Today I will vote for both gov funding bills b/c I believe we must end this harmful shutdown immediately it’s our first opportunity in the Senate to do so. Even though they will probably fail, these votes are a start to finding a way to reopen the gov get WVians back to work
RT @HoppyKercheval: .@Sen_JoeManchin on Talkline at 11:06 to explain how he is going to vote on the two bills in the Senate today.
I’ll be on @HoppyKercheval at 11:06 to announce how I’ll be voting on the government funding bills today in the Senate. Listen live here:
RT @SacredHeartGS: Senator Joe Manchin visited SHGS 1st-5th graders today to talk about faith, leadership, and service in preparation for C…
Today I was in Parkersburg talking with federal employees and their families about how the government shutdown is impacting them. I’m fighting to reopen the government as soon as possible so we can stop holding #WV livelihoods hostage.
The values of love, unity, and forgiveness that Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. preached, are some of the most important values in our society. This #MLKDay I encourage all WVians to reflect on what they can do to make a difference in their community.
I'm hopeful the President's statement tonight will allow us to immediately reopen gov, put WVians back to work start negotiating long-term immigration reform. I look forward to working w/my GOP Dem colleagues to make this happen so that we can end this shameful shutdown.
I know that does not help in the moment though, so I’m encouraging all WVians impacted by the shutdown to click here for some resources available during the shutdown. I will continue to update this list as I get more info:
I believe that federal workers should not pay the price for Congressional inaction, which is why I worked with my colleagues to introduce pass a bill that guarantees back pay as soon as possible for federal workers who are furloughed or working without pay during the shutdown.
RT @EnergyDems: Appreciate @Interior for working with us to make sure coal miners continue to receive their healthcare benefits during the…
Currently, men women serving in National Guard Armed Forces Reserved are denied Tricare health insurance. This is just plain wrong. That’s why introduced a bipartisan bill that will extend Tricare coverage to include these service members. More here 
Today marks the 24th day our government has been shut down. I’m urging all West Virginians to call the White House and their representatives to tell them to reopen the government immediately.
I also held a round table discussion with over 100 federal employees impacted by the shutdown. I’m back in Washington ready to do whatever I can to reopen the government and stop holding West Virginians hostage.
Today I visited Mountaineer Foodbank in Braxton County to discuss how the government shutdown is impacting nutrition programs in #WV
This government shutdown is a manufactured political stunt that is hurting #WV, our economy and our national discourse. It’s time for Congress to stop cowering to the executive branch and stop taking WV livelihoods hostage.
Now that the President has taken the national emergency declaration off of the table, it’s time for Mitch McConnell to bring up the house passed appropriations bills to reopen government.
This partial government shutdown effects every American, including more than 300k WVians relying on food assistance. Today I visited with organizations that help fill that void. Thanks to the teams at United Food Operations Facing Hunger Foodbank for all you do!
The government shutdown is impacting communities and families across #WV. I'll be at @YeagerAirport shortly to discuss the impacts.
Congratulations to Rachel Morris from Charleston, for being named one of 300 students scholars in #RegeneronSTS 2019!
If Congress cannot do our job, we should not get paid. I'm donating the salary I receive during the government shutdown to food banks across #WV.
I’m sneaking away from watching my brother Nick Saban to join @ChrisCuomo tonight. Tune in at 9pm. #LetsGetAfterIt
Today I was honored to be sworn in to serve my home #WV and my friends for another six years in the Senate. There is still work to do on behalf of my fellow Mountaineers and I am more motivated than ever before.
@SenCapito and I are always looking for ways to work together and we had a great interview with @MarkCurtisWOWK this morning. Tune in on Sunday to watch our full interview.
It’s been a busy day as we celebrate my swearing in. I visited with @SenCapito, @MarshalluPres, @SCClemons, @SenatorSinema, @SenatorRomney others. Of course Gayle was with me every step of the way. Check out my @facebook stories for more from today!
I’m joining @HoppyKercheval at 11:22 this morning. You can listen live at
RT @MeetThePress: .@Sen_JoeManchin: "We need a secure border but it takes a lot more than just a barrier to secure the border." #MTPDaily
I have always said we should never shutdown the government and governing this way is embarrassing for both Democrats and Republicans. This partial government shutdown effects every American, including the 18,000 federal employees in West Virginia. MORE:
Today, we are reminded yet again that our miners’ health and safety must be our highest priority. I remain committed to ensuring no family has to suffer this unimaginable loss again.
Today and every day, my thoughts are with the loved ones who lost a miner that day. In the months following Sago, we passed historic legislation to improve safety standards for our coal miners.
It’s been thirteen years since twelve brave coal miners went to work in the Sago mine and never returned home to their families. I remember that day well as I joined all of West Virginia in grieving with the miners’ families.
It was a disappointing loss but @WVUfootball left it all on the field and I’m proud of their hard fought season! #HailWV
Merry Christmas! Gayle and I wish everyone celebrating a day full of love and laughter surrounded by those you love. And remember, if you can count your blessings, you can share your blessings. Share your blessings with someone this season.
Today, I voted against the continuing resolution because it leaves behind our coal mining families. FULL STATEMENT:
Last night the @HerdFB won the @GasparillaBowl, their 7th straight bowl win. Congratulations! #HerdFamily
They're looking to hire healthcare professionals including nurses (RNs LPNs), CNAs, dietary specialists, as well as housekeeping specialists who desire to take hospitality to a new level.
ATTENTION JOB SEEKERS: Charleston Transitional Care is hosting a career fair from 11AM-7PM on Wed, Dec 19, 2018 at its new location in Kanawha City on the corner of Chappell Rd and Chesterfield Ave.
My full statement on today’s Obamacare ruling:
Today, on #NationalMinersDay, please thank a miner for all they have done for our country and the state of West Virginia.
I had a productive lunch at the White House with @realDonaldTrump. We discussed our commitment to securing our miners pension legislation and a wide range of bipartisan issues we can work together on next year.
My statement on the passing of President George H.W. Bush.
I met with my @MineWorkers friends today to talk about our ongoing efforts on the Joint Select Committee on the Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans to secure their hard-earned pensions. I'm working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to solve this for our retirees.
This map determines who is eligible for a portion of the $4.5 billion that will be made available later this year. I will continue fighting to ensure every community in West Virginia has the reliable, affordable broadband access they deserve.
West Virginia faces unique challenges when it comes to providing broadband access, and the first step to fixing that is making sure these maps accurately reflect coverage on the ground.
The data I submitted proves what every West Virginian already knows to be true: there are too many areas throughout #WV that still lack reliable broadband coverage.
Yesterday I submitted to the @FCC a formal challenge to the Mobility Fund Phase II initial eligible areas map. I was the only member of Congress to submit a challenge. MORE:
I'll be live with @HoppyKercheval in just a few minutes to discuss my formal challenge to the Mobility Fund Phase II initial eligible areas map. Tune in
Only 18 DAYS left in the ACA Open Enrollment Period. Visit to find a plan that works for you your family. #GetCovered
Tomorrow is #SmallBusinessSaturday and I'm encouraging all WVians to #shopsmall at a business in your community. Small businesses are the heart of our economy. What small businesses are you visiting tomorrow?
Congratulations to Mr. Clifton Brooks his family, as the South End Park in Keyser is renamed in honor of him his military service. Mr. Brooks is the last living Tuskegee Airman in #WV. I was honored to send a special greeting for Mr. Brooks a flag flown over the US Capitol.
Thanksgiving is an important day to reflect on all we have to be thankful for as West Virginians and Americans. I hope you’re spending today with loved ones. Happy Thanksgiving from my family to yours!
The look on my mother’s face when she found out her younger brother lost his life in that mine will stay with me forever. Today we honor their memory and remind ourselves that that we will never stop fighting for the safety of our miners.
I was home in Farmington today to honor the 50th anniversary of the Farmington No. 9 mine disaster. My uncle, neighbor and several high school classmates were in the mine when it exploded.
Happy 39th anniversary to The Congressional Award! This program encourages young people to set goals and use their unique skills for the betterment of their community. Start your journey at #CAF39
On the 48th anniversary of the @marshallu plane crash we are reminded of the incredible spirit of our Thundering Herd. We continue to pray for peace for the families of those we lost that day. #WeAreMarshall
@workforcewv is hosting their Annual Fall Workforce Job Fair in Logan tomorrow. Join them at the Chief Logan Lodge to learn about the opportunities available! #WV
Today I celebrated #VeteransDay with a group of our nation’s bravest men and women in Huntington. We will always be grateful for their service and  I appreciate the opportunity to honor our #WV Veterans today.
Tomorrow is the 15th Annual National #TakeBackDay. It's an easy and effective way for every West Virginian to help fight the opioid epidemic by safely disposing of their prescription drugs. Find a location near you and make a plan to do your part for #WV.
RT @westlibertyu: Honored to have @Sen_JoeManchin on campus today, speaking to business students!
I joined the Small Communities Big Solutions Conference today to discuss the opioid epidemic with community, business and healthcare leaders. I am encouraged by the dedicated group of people I met today who will never stop working to end this epidemic.
The newly renovated Charleston Coliseum and Convention Center is an welcomed addition to the Charleston area. I was honored to participate in the ribbon cutting ceremony today and am excited about the new opportunities it will bring to the Mountain State. #WV
Read more of my op-ed with Senator Dan Sullivan in @DominionPostWV;
Read more of my op-ed with Senator Marco Rubio in @heralddispatch:
Read more of my op-ed with Senator Johnny Isakson in @WVNews247:
Read more of my op-ed with Senator Lisa Murkowski in @NewsandSentinel:
Read more of my op-ed with Senator Susan Collins in @Register_Herald:
These are not Democratic or Republican issues, they're American issues and my colleagues recognize this.
We've worked together to make sure coal is part of our all-of-the-above energy portfolio, legislation to end the opioid epidemic, repair our broken healthcare system, provide for our veterans and fully fund our military.
#WV elected me to put their interests above politics and they know I have always done that. Part of that is working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to find areas we agree.
I spoke at the Education Alliance Summit. Empowering our education leaders with they tools they need to provide the highest quality education to our students is an important investment in the future of #WV. I was honored to participate in today's important discussions.
I spent the morning honoring West Virginia legend Chuck Yeager at the Yeager Airport air show. Today is the anniversary of Chuck breaking the sound barrier. Thanks to the event organizers for a wonderful day!
They are more than just places to send and receive mail. I will continue defending rural communities across West Virginia and that includes fighting the privatization of the postal service.
In #WV, especially in our rural communities, we understand the importance of our post offices. In many small towns, they are the lifelines of their communities and a way to stay connected.
Given that the POST Plan was undertaken after significant backlash against the previous proposal to close thousands of post offices, it stands to reason that nearly the nearly 500 post offices affected by this plan would be vulnerable to closure if USPS were privatized.
I co-sponsored a Senate resolution opposing the privatization of the United States Postal Service. Under previous consolidation implemented by the USPS under the Post Office Structure Plan in 2012, 478 post offices around #WV had their hours drastically reduced.
I will vote to support Supreme Court nominee Judge Brett Kavanaugh.
#WV has the highest overdose rate per capita of any state in our nation. That’s why I made sure the SUPPORT for Patients Communities Act  included a set aside for states like WV. This language more than tripled the amount of funding coming to our state for this coming year.
Today I voted to ensure rural airports in #WV receive the funding they need to continue serving the Mountain State. I included language in this year's FAA bill to level the playing field for airports with mountainous terrain.
I'm thrilled the Senate Energy Natural Resources Committee has approved my bill to permanently authorize the Land Water Conservation Fund. In #WV #LWCF funds have been used to increase access in the Monongahela National Forest, Harpers Ferry the New River Gorge.
Happy 95th birthday to my good friend and West Virginia hero, @WoodyWilliams45! Woody continues to inspire us with his commitment to our country, our state and his fellow Veterans. Join me in wishing him a very happy birthday!
Last week I visited the traveling replica of the Vietnam Wall Memorial when it stopped in Parkersburg. Thanks to the Special Veterans Project for bringing this special memorial to West Virginia for a few days. It was humbling to see in the Mountain State.
I'm excited to announce more than $5.5 million to support services for children directly impacted by the opioid epidemic and crimes related to addiction, and other law enforcement priorities. 
I applaud Senator Flake's decision to rise above the partisan circus on display during this entire process. It is what is right and fair for Dr. Ford, Judge Kavanaugh, and the American people.
Today I visited with job seekers in Parkersburg at the Mid Ohio Valley Career Fair I co-hosted with @WVUParkersburg. Thanks to all the volunteers, employers and job seekers for another successful job fair. West Virginia is a great place to do business.
All week the @MineWorkers have been meeting with members of Congress advocating for the protection of their hard-earned pensions. I met with them today to give them an update on our ongoing bipartisan efforts to secure their pensions once and for all.
Today @SenDeanHeller I sent a bipartisan letter urging rural broadband funding be directed to the areas that need it most like #WV. MORE:
I had the privilege to meet with Trent Melissa Sherman. Mr. Sherman is the principal at Martinsburg HS was awarded Principal of the Year by the National Association of Secondary School Principals. Join me in thanking him for his continued investment in #WV students.
This afternoon I met with members of the American Cancer Society to discuss the importance of protecting healthcare access for those with pre-existing conditions and funding for cancer research. I appreciate their advocacy!
Congratulations to #WV native @mikelebuckband! We’re all rooting for #TeamKelly now. #VoicePremiere
Today Mineral County was designated as a High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area ensuring law enforcement officials and drug task forces in Mineral County are well equipped to combat the influx of drugs coming into the county and our entire state. MORE:
I'm excited to announce $35M to support our efforts to end the opioid epidemic. To finally end this epidemic we need a multipronged approach and I am proud that this funding supports that. MORE:
Are you familiar with Ole Henry's Camping Retreat in Branchland? It's open all year round with fishing, swimming, hunting, canoeing and more. #ThisIsWV
We discussed the progress we have made, the solutions we are seeing first hand what more can be done - both in #WV DC – to ensure no family suffers at the hands of the opioid epidemic again.
This morning I hosted an opioids roundtable at the Jefferson County Day Report Center with community leaders and healthcare professionals.
I'm excited to announce a more than $3.7 million investment in @YeagerAirport! MORE:
Gayle I wish a safe easy fast to all West Virginians observing the Day of Atonement, Yom Kippur.  #YomKippur
