@SenAngusKing I wrote to @DHSgov to urge them to raise the cap on H-2B visas because the tourism industry is critical to our state’s economy. 2/2
Maine welcomes 20 million overnight guests every year – mostly during the summer.Without the help of the 2,400 H-2B workers who fill positions in our restaurants hotels in the summer, many wouldn't survive, putting the jobs of Mainers working at these businesses at risk. 1/2
WATCH LIVE: After listening to testimony from patients impacted by the rising cost of their medications, Senator Collins holds Senate Aging Committee hearing to discuss solutions for untangling the complex web reducing prescription drug prices.
WATCH LIVE: Skipped doses, repeated paramedic visits, thousands of dollars in medical debt. These are just a few of the serious consequences of rising drug prices that five patients from around the country will describe to the Senate Aging Committee.
This announcement is an encouraging step. The skyrocketing price of insulin is taking an enormous financial emotional toll on millions living w/ diabetes–many of whom rely on insulin for their health. I will continue to push for affordable options for this essential treatment.
Millions of Americans—including 590,000 Mainers—have a pre-existing condition, I have continuously stressed the importance of protecting these individuals. That’s why, last year, I wrote to the AG urging the DOJ to reverse course defend the law’s critical protections. 2/2
I will oppose the nomination of Chad Readler to be a Judge on the 6th Circuit. While at DOJ, Mr. Readler was involved in the decision not to defend the Affordable Care Act, including its provisions protecting individuals with pre-existing conditions. 1/2
Following the frightening incident today at Presque Isle Airport, I contacted @NTSB asked them to investigate the cause. NTSB sent two investigators to Presque Isle today. As Chairman of the Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee, I will continue to monitor their progress.
I cosponsored this resolution because I believe the answer to that question is no. I strongly support protecting the system of checks balances enshrined in our Constitution. 3/3
This isn’t about support or opposition for the wall. The question before us is this: Do we want the Executive Branch—now or in the future—to hold a power that the Founders deliberately entrusted to Congress? 2/3
The bipartisan resolution I introduced with @SenatorTomUdall, @LisaMurkowski, @SenatorShaheen would block the President’s ill-advised emergency declaration. 1/3
Capt. Joel Barnes of the Berwick Fire Department was a hero who lost his life while bravely seeking to save the lives of others.  Maine will be eternally grateful for his sacrifice and for all of our firefighters who face extreme danger to protect our communities.
The Coast Guard protects the public environment, courageously conducts search rescue operations, interdicts drugs, defends the economic security interests of our nation. I was honored to attend @USCG’s ribbon cutting for the greatly improved command center in S. Portland.
WATCH LIVE: From the Senate floor, Senator Collins and @SenatorTomUdall announce bipartisan joint resolution to terminate the president’s national emergency declaration and defend Congress’ constitutional powers.
I will vote against Andrew Wheeler’s confirmation to become Administrator of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. My full statement:
SCAM ALERT: A Facebook account impersonating Senator Collins made multiple friend requests in an attempt to deceive Mainers and others.  We reported the page to Facebook, and it has now been removed.  Senator Collins’ only official Facebook page is here:
LIHEAP funding ensures our seniors low-income families don’t have to choose between heating their homes going without food or medicine. Thank you, NEADA, for this award.  I enjoyed meeting with a terrific group from @MaineHousing1, including Daniel Drost from Caribou.
Animal cruelty is unconscionable to me. That is why @SenKamalaHarris and I have reintroduced the HEART Act to help rescue abused animals and place them into caring homes as soon and as safely as possible.
I couldn’t agree more, @SenatorHassan. There is currently a $7.8 trillion gap between what Americans need for a comfortable retirement and what they have saved. Our Retirement Security Act would make it easier for Americans to boost their retirement savings.
DNI Dan Coats is a good friend, former Senate colleague, and leader of integrity who has always served our country well. We are fortunate to have a person of his ability and candor to lead our intelligence community.
My statement on reports President Trump will declare a national emergency to fund more border walls:
Glad FCC is acting.  Telecom companies need to be more aggressive in combatting robocalls.  I’ll introduce bill to strengthen consumer protections. 
4/4 Third, to encourage kids to learn about, appreciate, and enjoy the outdoors, this legislation includes the Every Kid Outdoors Act, a program to provide fourth graders with free access to federal lands.
3/4 Second, this package includes a provision I authored with @SenAngusKing to clarify the boundaries and secure the future of one of our greatest natural treasures: Acadia National Park.
2/4 First, it will permanently reauthorize the Land Water Conservation Fund, a program I have long advocated for. This will strengthen conservation recreation efforts nationwide, ensuring both current and subsequent generations can enjoy the beauty of our natural resources.
1/4 Yesterday, the Senate passed a comprehensive land conservation package that included three important provisions I pushed for that will protect and expand access to the outdoors in Maine and across the country.
I introduced two bills this week to strengthen home health services. These bills would help millions of our most vulnerable Americans receive the care they need exactly where they want to be – in the comfort, privacy, security of their homes.
I joined @Gillibrandny @SenJackReed in introducing a bill to protect current future transgender troops.
I strongly believe that anyone who is qualified and wants to serve should continue to be allowed to do so, including our transgender troops. We should be expressing our gratitude to those who serve our country in uniform, not trying to kick them out of the military.
Maine lobster, Caribou Russet potatoes, Gifford’s ice cream, and pie made with Wyman’s Wild Maine Blueberries. I wonder why my colleagues are always the most excited when it’s my turn to host Thursday lunch? �
Well said, @SenatorShaheen.  From Acadia to Denali, and everywhere in between, our bipartisan legislation would allow disabled veterans to more easily access our country’s national treasures for outdoor recreation, which can help heal both the visible and invisible wounds of war.
LWCF, our most important conservation program, has created outdoor recreation opportunities across the country. To ensure LWCF continues to benefit present future generations, I joined a bipartisan group in intro'ing a bill to permanently reauthorize it.
What a fantastic tradition. Enjoy this year’s game and Go Pats!
As a state w/ one of the most veterans per capita thousands of skilled shipyard workers, ME has long been pivotal to our national security. It’s fitting that @USNAVY will name a new ship after our capital to honor the citizens who have answered the call to serve our country.
No individuals should be barred from serving on a jury because of their sexual orientation or gender identity. A bill I have introduced with @SenatorShaheen, who is always a leader in the fight against discrimination, would ensure this right.
This legislation will have a direct impact on improving care for Alzheimer’s patients. Thank you for your continued support and advocacy to address this public health crisis.
Thank you for being such strong advocates for agriculture! @sustainableag members like @mainefarms, @mofga, @CEIMaine were invaluable resources throughout the Farm Bill process, helping to identify pressing needs of Maine farmers and providing critical expertise and data.
I am so proud of the key role the men and women of BIW have played in ensuring our service members have the most advanced technology, equipment, ships. BIW workers’ skill and dedication go into every ship they build, and the USS Carl M. Levin will be no exception.
At a keel laying ceremony for the USS Carl M. Levin at BIW today, I joined @secnav76 and the rest of the Maine delegation in honoring my friend @SenCarlLevin.  Sen. Levin’s extraordinary record of public service was defined by his unwavering support of our armed forces.
Rebates should lower the costs that consumers pay at the pharmacy counter, not pad the pockets of middle men. I look forward to working with @SecAzar to fix this broken system ensure that Americans can afford the medicines they need.
In ME, we have only 40 geriatricians for more than 260,000 people over 65 We're facing a nationwide shortage of these professionals. There are fewer than 7,300 today, we'll need 30,000 by 2030My @SenBobCasey's Geriatrics Workforce Improvement Act would help close this gap
Americans lost $1.7 billion in 2016 to criminals who assumed their identity and filed false tax returns. To protect Americans from fraudsters who seek to steal their tax refunds, I introduced the Taxpayer Identity Protection Act with @SenDougJones.
This shutdown must come to an end. Today I voted twice to reopen government because it is my top priority.  Compromise is a sign of strength, not weakness. We must come together to end this harmful impasse.
WATCH Live: Senator Collins speaks on the Senate floor about her ongoing efforts to reopen government. It's long overdue for all sides to come together to end this
Senator Collins’ statement on the President’s proposal to reopen government:
I’m very sorry to learn from @SenAngusKing that he has started to undergo treatment for residual prostate cancer.  His attitude is upbeat and the prognosis is excellent.  Knowing Angus, this won’t slow him down a bit!  I look forward to our continued work together.
4/4 Jon, who died defending our nation, and Jason, who dedicated his life to improving the lives of others, enriched our state and had a positive impact on countless individuals. I extend my deepest condolences to their families and friends.
3/4 Jason Spindler—a graduate of @HebronAcademy—was killed by members of the terrorist organization al-Shabab while working in Kenya to lift African communities out of poverty.
2/4 Army Chief Warrant Officer 2 Jonathan Farmer—an alumnus of @BowdoinCollege and a Green Beret who earned numerous medals, including the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart—was killed by ISIS, alongside another American service member and two civilians.
1/4 This week, two separate terrorist attacks took from us two individuals with ties to Maine.
The signing of this bill I authored with @SenatorCardin is a good first step in providing relief for federal workers. While guaranteeing back pay will help give some peace of mind, a compromise must be reached to bring this shutdown to an end.
I’ll vote to disapprove Treasury’s easing of sanctions on Russian businesses involving oligarch Putin ally Oleg Deripaska.  He still would maintain significant control given his ties to Putin.  Easing the sanctions sends the wrong message to Russia to Deripaska.
I talked to a waitress in Bangor this morning whose husband works for TSA. They literally had to get a loan to pay their mortgage for this month. That's just wrong. I continue to believe that a compromise is possible because this is a problem that we have to solve.
The Senate unanimously passed a bill @SenatorCardin I authored that ensures federal workers affected by the partial government shutdown will receive retroactive pay. While this will help provide some peace of mind, we must bring this impasse to an end.
Having visited more than 200 schools in ME, I know a great school is like a winning team where everyone does their best. Dr. Levesque Elementary in Frenchville should be proud to be named a Blue Ribbon School– 1 of 3 in ME this year among only 349 nationwide to win this honor.
The need to end the partial government shutdown is urgent. Lives are being affected by this impasse. Congress should reopen much of the government immediately while negotiations continue.
It is not a sign of weakness to try to figure out a middle ground. It is a sign of strength. Both sides need to indicate a willingness to listen to compromise.
Shutdowns represent a failure to govern harm those who interact with the closed agencies as well as federal employees their families. As we work to end this shutdown, @SenatorCardin I introduced a bill to ensure these civil servants are paid.
Congratulations to my colleague @SenAngusKing who was sworn into a second term today. I was honored to join the tradition of accompanying him as he took the oath and look forward to our continued work together on behalf of the people of Maine.
RT @jacksonlab: “At JAX we are committed to finding #Alzheimers treatments and even stopping it before it starts," said JAX Pres CEO @liu…
For the 28,000 Mainers millions of Americans living w/ Alzheimer’s, help is on the way. The BOLD Act—legislation I wrote w/ @SenCortezMasto—was signed into law. It provides $100M over 5 years takes a public health approach to improve Alzheimer’s prevention, treatment, care.
Good news for the Coast Guard! White House staff called to tell me CG members will receive their paychecks as did other federal employees. I continue to work to end the shutdown, but this will provide immediate relief to CG members their families.
Military members are paid under a different schedule than civilian employees. The most recent pay period for the military started on Dec. 16 and runs through Dec. 31.
Though the partial shutdown largely doesn’t impact the Defense Department and members of the military in the Army, Navy, Air Force and Marines, the same isn’t true for the U.S. Coast Guard, a Department of Homeland Security subcomponent that lacks full-year 2019 appropriations.
Most federal employees will receive their scheduled paychecks today, but that is not the case for 42,000 Coast Guard members, who will not be paid for pre-shutdown work because they are under a different pay system.  This is not fair. I called the WH to urge an immediate fix.
Great news for BIW! The Navy has awarded an additional destroyer to the shipyard, proving once again that “Bath built is best built.”  This additional ship will help keep the workload stable in the years ahead for the hardworking men women of BIW
Defense Secretary Mattis has served our country with honor and distinction for many years. His departure is a real loss for our nation, our troops, and this Administration.
In a transformative step in the fight against Alzheimer’s, the bipartisan BOLD Act will be signed into law. This new law will turn decades of research into practice help improve the lives of the 5.5 million Americans and their families who are living with this disease.
Almost half of federal inmates released from prison are rearrested, nearly a fourth end up back behind bars. The #FirstStepAct will help to end the recidivism epidemic by creating programs to rehabilitate low-risk offenders, making our communities safer saving taxpayer money.
Following a letter I sent to @Energy, funding for the Weatherization Assistance Program was announced with more than $3.5 million for Maine. This helps low-income seniors families reduce the cost of heating cooling their homes through energy efficiency improvements.
There’s no justification for bump stocks that transform semi-automatic weapons into machine guns. That’s why I cosponsored a bill to ban them. I’m pleased the Justice Dept. has announced they will ban these dangerous devices.
2/ He is my chairman on the HELP committee, where I have worked w/ him on health care, the opioid crisis, education issues, my colleague on the Appropriations Committee.  More important, he is my friend, a good decent man whose unique skill set will be sorely missed.
1/ @SenAlexander combines intelligence, collegiality, energy, legislative effectiveness in a way that has rarely been equaled in the U.S. Senate.
Happy holidays to our active duty military and our veterans. Thank you for all that you do for our nation.  And thanks to the @RedCross for organizing the annual #HolidaysforHeroes program.
On @ThisWeekABC, @GStephanopoulos and I discussed the need to prevent a government shutdown, the recent court ruling on the ACA, and the importance of the special counsel’s investigation.
TUNE IN: I’ll be speaking with @JakeTapper on @CNNSotu and @GStephanopoulos on @ThisWeekABC this morning at 9:00 AM.
Best of luck today to @BlackBearsFB. Go Black Bears!
The BOLD Act I authored w/ @SenCortezMasto, @SenCapito, and @TimKaine will improve the lives of millions of families facing Alzheimer’s. Our bill, which passed the Senate unanimously, creates a public health infrastructure to improve prevention and care.
To my friend @SenatorHeitkamp, it has been an honor to serve alongside you. Your state, the country, and the Senate are better because of your contributions.
I joined Mainers in placing a Wreaths Across America wreath made in Columbia Falls at the U.S. Capitol with flags of the Armed Forces branches and the POW/MIA flag.
I so appreciate the advocacy of @ALZIMPACT 182 other organizations the unanimous support of my Senate colleagues for my bipartisan BOLD Act. This bill will help families facing Alzheimer’s—one of our greatest public health threats—by improving prevention, treatment, care.
6/ This Farm Bill provides many other great benefits for our state and country. Maine farmers work tirelessly every day to meet the growing demand for locally grown and raised products, and this legislation will provide them with the support they need to succeed.
5/ The Farm Bill also includes a bill I authored with @SenBobCasey to strengthen organic research. I recently discussed this bill with Sarah Alexander, @MOFGA's new executive director, whose organization has been an invaluable resource throughout the Farm Bill negotiations.
4/ The Dairy Innovation Act, a provision I authored with @SenatorBaldwin, establishes regional initiatives to spur innovation in dairy businesses, modernize existing dairy plants, support new entrepreneurs.
3/ I also joined my northeastern colleagues in securing improvements to the Northern Border Regional Commission, which funds grants for rural Maine projects that create jobs. This year alone, the NBRC awarded $2.9 million in grants throughout Maine.
2/ The Next Generation in Agriculture Act, a provision I authored with @SenatorHeitkamp, supports programs that help new farmers enter and remain in the industry.
1/ This week, Congress passed the Farm Bill. It includes a number of provisions I authored to support Maine agriculture. This industry employs thousands of Mainers and is the main economic driver of countless rural communities.
I voted once again today to advance debate on a resolution that confronts Saudi Arabia for its actions that have contributed to the humanitarian disaster in Yemen pressures all parties to bring hostilities in Yemen to an end.
Duke Marston of @NAIFA Maine was in D.C. recently to discuss two of my top legislative priorities: retirement security protecting seniors from fraud.
The GI Bill has helped millions of military veterans pay for college and training programs. I’m glad @DeptVetAffairs has committed to providing veterans the full benefits they have earned, I’m supportive of efforts in Congress to ensure this program is effectively implemented.
I enjoyed speaking with the Council of Scientific Society Presidents —including its chairwoman Dr. Deborah Bronk of @BigelowLab — about the invaluable role scientists play in educating the public and combating misinformation online.
The Senate unanimously passed a bill I wrote with @SenJackReed to support our libraries museums. Our bill supports the largest source of federal funding for public libraries and helps ensure libraries and museums can keep telling stories that enrich our communities.
Since this tradition began in 1992, more than six million wreaths have been placed at veterans cemeteries memorials in every state overseas. Mainers should be proud that this heartfelt expression of America’s gratitude began in our state.
This morning, I joined hundreds of Mainers in Ellsworth at a Wreaths Across America convoy stop to thank the truckers volunteers who generously donated their time to bring these wreaths to Arlington National Cemetery, where they will decorate the graves of our fallen heroes.
The Weatherization Assistance Program helps low-income seniors and families make energy efficiency improvements to reduce the cost of heating and cooling their homes. @ENERGY must release state allocations today to avoid delays in service.
.@CBSThisMorning spotlights the great lengths scammers are willing to go to take advantage of our seniors.A law I wrote w/ my friend @clairecmc called the Senior$afe Act fights back against these scammers empowers banks other financial institutions to report suspected fraud.
Out of 869 applications submitted for the highly competitive BUILD grant program—formerly known as TIGER—only 91 were selected, including all three of Maine’s. As Chairman of Transportation Subcommittee, I was proud to support these important projects.
Delighted to announce a major win for Maine today: $26.6 million in federal transportation funding coming to Waterville, Kingfield, Woodstock, Fryeburg, others. This funding will improve our infrastructure statewide – creating jobs, reducing traffic, increasing safety.
I first met GHWB in ‘94 when he Mrs. Bush invited me to Walker’s Point for lunch. I’ve visited them virtually every year since. My hope is that 41’s legacy will inspire us all to follow his example work to end the divisiveness that is harming our country. #Remembering41 (2/2)
The ceremony for Pres. George H.W. Bush was incredibly moving. I was especially touched by his son’s beautiful, heartfelt tribute to his father. (1/2)
Senator Collins speaks from the Senate floor to honor the life and legacy of President George H.W. Bush.
President George H.W. Bush meant so much to the people of Maine. From now until Wednesday, he will lie in state inside the Capitol Rotunda so that the American people can honor his service to our country. #Remembering41
Happy Hanukkah! Tom and I wish you and your families a great holiday season.
My full statement on President H.W. Bush's passing:
As a Navy aviator in WW II, Member of Congress, Ambassador to China, CIA Director, Vice President, and President, George H.W. Bush dedicated his life to serving our country. Courage, duty, honor, compassion defined his life.
With retirement security, it's so important to raise awareness that Americans—in particular, women—are in danger of outliving our savings in what are supposed to be our golden years. At the Elevate Summit, we discussed my bills to help incentivize saving for retirement.
As American #Diabetes Month comes to a close, I am reminded of the progress we must continue to make to combat this terrible disease. It was an honor to receive @TheEndoSociety's Diabetes Champion Award on this year’s World Diabetes Day.
.@realTopshamPD warn of new phone scam. If you receive a call from someone claiming to be a Topsham police officer, do not disclose any personal information. Instead, hang up, and contact the police department yourself to verify the call.
The @DoleFoundation is the paradigm of commitment and service, they work tirelessly for our military caregivers who truly are #HiddenHeroes. It means so much to me to receive this distinguished recognition, and I have the utmost gratitude for your work.
RT @DoleFoundation: "The Elizabeth Dole Foundation is a powerful reminder of what we can do together. It is also an opportunity to redouble…
I’m delighted the Senate Health Committee unanimously approved my BOLD Act, which will help combat Alzheimer’s by applying a new public health approach. 181 organizations individuals, including the @AlzAssociation @MariaShriver, endorsed my bill.
I always enjoy meeting with Maine @JDRF advocates like Michael Foster, Ruby Anderson, Aidan Sweeney, and their families.
Our legislation will promote information sharing among courts and local, state, federal organizations, encourage the use of background checks, expand availability of federal grants to improve the guardianship system.
Guardianship is a legal relationship created to protect seniors and adults with diminished or lost capacity. In so many cases, guardians help these protected individuals maintain their financial assets and independence; however, our report shows that abuse is far too prevalent.
A report released today by @SenateAging finds that the guardianship system often lacks basic protections leaves vulnerable Americans at risk of exploitation. We must close the gaps in the system, which is why @SenBobCasey I authored the Guardianship Accountability Act.
WATCH LIVE: Senate Aging Committee holds hearing on strengthening the guardianship process and protecting older Americans.
Congratulations to Elias Thomas of Shapleigh — one of five realtors nationwide to receive the @NARdotRealtor's Good Neighbor Award for both his work in his hometown his efforts with @Rotary to help some of India's poorest villages.
Morgan, the future is bright if it’s led by brave individuals like you. You’re right, diabetes is nothing to joke about. Best of luck on the speech competition. I’d love to hear your words someday.
Through his many years in the U.S. Air Force and his tireless advocacy for his fellow veterans, Pete Miesburger’s life was marked by exceptional service to his country. My heart goes out to Jean, his wife of 50 years, and their children.
Improving food security is an issue that is so important to our state— 1 out of 5 children in Maine face food insecurity. I recently met with @PrebleStreet's Heather Zimmerman to discuss her organization’s incredible work to create solutions to reduce homelessness and hunger.
Melissa Law of Windham is an impressive member of the National @YoungFarmers Coalition. We discussed her support for the Next Generation in Agriculture Act — a bipartisan bill I’m working to advance — which provides critical training resources to beginning farmers.
I’m a cosponsor of the First Step Act—a bipartisan bill that will provide sensible reforms to our criminal justice system. It’s time we bring common sense to sentencing improve anti-recidivism efforts.
With 22 locations worldwide, the International Student House is part of a great movement to help today's young people become tomorrow's enlightened leaders. It was an honor to meet with resident scholars like Varsha Thebo from Pakistan to receive their Global Leadership Award.
We can't ignore the impact of climate change on our public health, environment, economy. This should cause all of us, including the Administration, to take a harder look at the consequences of inaction use what is known about risks to inform policy.
It is a grave mistake for the President to ignore the CIA’s widely reported assessment on the Khashoggi murder.  If the President does not reconsider what actions our government should take toward the Saudi Government MbS, Congress must act instead.
My husband Tom and I wish you and your families a very happy Thanksgiving and a merry start to the holiday season.
Today, I am thankful for all the people throughout our great state who use their time and talents to make a real difference in our communities. You help make Maine such a special place to live.
Stephanie Anderson has an impressive record of accomplishments as the District Attorney of Cumberland County. An outstanding public servant good friend, Stephanie has worked tirelessly to better our community. Best wishes on your well-deserved retirement!
Human resource managers play a vital role in businesses across the country, ensuring companies are able to recruit talented employees foster a positive work environment. I had a great meeting with Maine members of the Society for Human Resource Management.
Thank you to the Maine Irish Heritage Center for inviting me to celebrate this year’s Claddagh Award winner, my friend David Flanagan.David combines the virtues of love, friendship, and loyalty, and he is an outstanding choice for this distinguished recognition.
Sgt. Chuck Libby and Patrol Officer Henry Johnson and their fellow officers in Portland work incredibly hard to keep us safe. I was so grateful to be able to thank them for the sacrifices they make to protect our communities.
It’s inspiring to meet driven student leaders like Monique and Cheyenne from my hometown of Caribou who are in DC representing Jobs for Maine Graduates at @JAGNational’s Student Leadership Academy. They’re accompanied by Caribou High’s Dr. Valerie Waldemarson Tracy Westin.
We have a proud tradition in my Washington office: the Team Collins “Crisp Off.” Every fall, we celebrate the season with a friendly baking competition.
Millions of Americans with large health care bills rely on the medical expense deduction, particularly seniors and those with disabilities. @SenatorCantwell I introduced a bipartisan bill to prevent a tax hike for people facing high medical costs.
I had a great meeting with George Seaver of Ocean Organics, an innovative company in Waldoboro using seaweed extracts to create products that improve plant and soil health, yield, and quality on land.
In clinching the 2018 World Series, the @RedSox are a testament to the New England values of hard work perseverance. I cosponsored a resolution congratulating the team, including a number of former @PortlandSeaDogs.
Incredible rescue by the U.S. Coast Guard! I am so thankful these four Maine fishermen are safe. The Senate passed a bipartisan bill today to ensure the Coast Guard has the resources it needs to continue carrying out lifesaving missions like this one.
.@MESys was in DC showcasing the “Pellematic e-max,” a wood pellet boiler that can produce both heat and electricity for homes. They showed off their ingenious device by charging a Tesla on the National Mall!
In the Senate, I'm committed to increasing funding for diabetes research, working to lower the cost of insulin, finding other solutions to improve the level of treatment quality of life for all patients and families like Kate and Aidan.
The second is @katehall2043. She was diagnosed with diabetes when she was 10. As a @JDRF Children's Congress Delegate in 2015, she testified about her experience with diabetes as a track field athlete. Since then, she has won 2 NCAA national championships for long jump!
The first is Aidan Sweeney. 12 years ago, when Aidan was only 4, he testified at a hearing I led on diabetes. He is now using an artificial pancreas device that has changed his life, allowing him to live an incredibly active teenage life!
In recognition of #WorldDiabetesDay, I want to highlight the stories of two incredible Mainers.
As the future USS Gallagher, DDG-127 pays tribute to Lance Cpl. Patrick “Bob” Gallagher, an immigrant who enlisted in the Marines and fought in Vietnam. He was awarded the Navy Cross for his heroic actions protecting his fellow soldiers in battle. His legacy continues to inspire.
The heart, skill, and commitment to excellence that BIW employees put into every ship built at Bath are evident.  It was an honor to be invited to cut the first piece of steel for DDG-127.
The 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month of 1918 marked the end to World War I. On the anniversary of that day, we remember the courage of all our veterans thank them for their devotion to duty commitment to freedom. Thank you to all our veterans for your service!
Maine boatyards are world-renowned for their building and repair expertise, they play a vital role in our economy. Front Street Shipyard in Belfast just opened a new 22,000 sq foot facility— a true testament to the dedicated workers helping to drive the city’s transformation.
My statement on legislation to protect the Special Counsel's investigation.
Dedicated home care hospice workers enable millions of vulnerable Americans to stay where they want to be – in the comfort of their own homes.
It is imperative that the Administration not impede the Mueller investigation.  I’m concerned Rod Rosenstein will no longer be overseeing the probe. Special Counsel Mueller must be allowed to complete his work without interference—regardless of who is AG.
Attorney General Sessions is a leader of integrity who served our country well.
It was great to celebrate Home Care Hospice Month at MaineGeneral to thank these committed professionals for all that they do.
Some very kind words from a great friend and a fantastic Senator. Thank you, @SenAlexander.
Veteran homelessness dropped 5.4% this year, largely due to the HUD-VASH program that provides thousands of housing vouchers. I’m committed to supporting this vital program building on our progress to ensure that in the land of the free, there is always a home for the brave.
Diabetes is an #EverydayReality for those who live with it, including about 119,000 Mainers.  November is American Diabetes Month.  I applaud @AmDiabetesAssn, @JDRF, others for raising awareness and making life better for all with #diabetes and their families.
Great news for Flemish Master Weavers the entire Sanford community.
Today in Norridgewock, we celebrated New Balance’s first shipment of 100% US-made athletic shoes for our US military recruits. I'm so proud of all the hardworking employees here in Maine who continue to prove that there is no challenge American workers can’t meet.
UMaine’s ability to adapt to employers’ needs continues to strengthen the demand for @UMaine graduates. Yesterday in S. Portland, we celebrated a partnership between the School of Engineering Texas Instruments that helps spur economic growth, create jobs invest in the future.
The LIHEAP program helps ensure that low-income families seniors don’t have to make the impossible choice between paying for heat paying for food or medicine.  This year, Maine will receive nearly $40 million in LIHEAP funds.
I am heartbroken for those who lost loved ones in the violent attack on worshipers at the Tree of Life synagogue. This act of hatred was an assault on our American values. As we grieve w/ this community, we offer our prayers for the wounded, including the brave first responders.
Saturday is National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day. At multiple sites across Maine from 10AM–2PM, you can safely conveniently dispose of your unused prescription drugs. Click here to find a location near you: #DEATakeBack
The opioids package that was signed into law today is a major step forward in fighting this tragic epidemic. I’m pleased that my bipartisan proposals to allow the safe disposal of unused drugs in hospice and to bolster peer support networks were included in this legislation.
Sandra Day O’Connor exemplifies excellence in public service, she continues to be a role model to women an inspiration to young people. I am saddened to hear of my friend’s diagnosis, but not surprised she is facing it with the strength bravery that have defined her life.
.@LesterHoltNBC got the inside scoop on the Damariscotta Pumpkinfest Regatta, a wonderful Maine festival.
Togus VA Medical Center was one of only 18 VA hospitals to receive five stars, the VA’s highest possible rating. It is our obligation to care for those who served in uniform, and this top-tier status reflects the Togus staff’s hard work and commitment to their patients.
Earlier this year, the RAISE Act I authored with @SenatorBaldwin was signed into law to provide much-needed support for family caregivers.  We must continue these efforts to help lift up these selfless individuals.
Family caregivers dedicate significant time and attention to care for their loved ones, and as this study reveals, they make countless personal and financial sacrifices to fulfill this essential role.
The murder of Jamal Khashoggi as described by the Turkish press is an atrocity.  We must get to the bottom of this, and if the Saudis killed Mr. Khashoggi, those responsible must be held accountable.
Statement from Senator Collins and her husband, Tom Daffron, on threatening letter received at their Bangor residence:
The opening of @NMCCMaine's Simulation Center marks another great advancement in providing the highest quality clinical experience for students and health care professionals. Truly a landmark moment for health care in our state.
There really is no place like home, and the commitment, energy, and passion shown by the Aroostook Agency on Aging helps Maine’s seniors stay in the communities they love. As @SenateAging Chairman, I was delighted to speak at the Agency’s annual meeting in Caribou.
The forest products industry helps drive our local economies and sustain rural communities. I greatly enjoyed meeting with Maine loggers this afternoon.
I voted to block a rule that expands the duration of certain health insurance plans that do not have to cover pre-existing conditions.  We must work together to lower premiums while retaining consumer protections.
Thank you, @SenAlexander, for your strong support. This new law will help reduce the cost of prescription drugs.
Today the president signed into law a bill I authored with my friend @clairecmc to ban pharmacy “gag clauses” that concealed the lowest price from patients, causing them to overpay.
Who would think that using your debit card to buy your Rx drugs could be less expensive than using your insurance card?  It’s counterintuitive. Americans have the right to know which payment method provides the most savings when purchasing their prescription drugs.
Great news that the Old Town mill has been purchased by ND Paper and hopes to have it up and running in a few months, creating more than 100 jobs.
My full statement on my decision to support Judge Brett Kavanaugh's nomination to be an associate justice on the U.S. Supreme Court:
WATCH LIVE: Senator Collins speaks on her decision on how she will vote on the nomination of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to be an associate justice on the U.S. Supreme Court.
WATCH LIVE: Senator Collins leads Senate Aging Committee hearing on innovative efforts to lower health care costs and improve health outcomes.
Don and Cindy Roy of Gorham have been playing Franco-American music together for 38 years. Congratulations to both of them on receiving a well-deserved National Heritage Fellowship for their dedication to Maine’s Quebecois Acadian musical heritage!
I am pleased to hear Mark Judge has indicated he would cooperate with investigators.
I support this sensible agreement.
I’m delighted that my bill to ban gag clauses that prevent pharmacists from telling patients how to pay the lowest possible price for medication is headed to the President’s desk for signature. This new law will help lower the cost of prescription drugs and save consumers money.
The AG made the correct decision to recuse himself from the DOJ investigation into Russia’s attempts to interfere in our elections. The Deputy AG plays a critical role in overseeing the investigation headed by special counsel Mueller.
I’m very concerned by reports that Deputy AG Rosenstein will either be fired or forced to resign.
I hope that Dr. Ford will reconsider and testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Monday. It is my understanding that the Committee has offered to hold either a public or a private session, whichever would make her more comfortable.
Read my full letter to the Chairman Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee here:
Such an approach would provide more continuity, elicit the most information allow an in-depth examination of the allegations.
I'm writing to the Chairman RM of Judiciary Cmte respectfully recommending that at Monday’s hearing, counsel for Prof. Ford be allocated time to question Judge Kavanaugh counsel for the Judge be granted equal time to question Prof. Ford, followed by questions from Senators.
WATCH LIVE: Ahead of today’s vote, Senator Collins speaks from the Senate floor to urge her colleagues to support her bill to prohibit the use of “gag clauses,” an egregious practice that can conceal lower prescription drug prices from patients.
Professor Ford and Judge Kavanaugh should both testify under oath before the Judiciary Committee.
What an honor to spend an evening with 38 of America’s heroes, recipients of the Medal of Honor, and their families guests. Sec. Mattis, @JayLeno and Chris Wallace were recognized, and I was honored to receive the Distinguished Citizen Award from the Medal of Honor Society.
17 years ago, I joined my colleagues on the Capitol steps where we sang “God Bless America” in the wake of the terrorist attacks on our country. We gathered together in a demonstration of resolve patriotism, not as Republicans Democrats but as Americans.
In what seemed like a moment, September 11th was transformed from a day like any other into one that, forever, will stand alone. The loss we relive reminds us of the value of all that we must protect. The heroism reminds us of the unconquerable spirit of the American people.
Spent a wonderful hour with President George H.W. Bush at his home in Kennebunkport yesterday. President Bush served his country faithfully and well. And how he loves the State of Maine!
“We simply haven’t done enough” - @Jack agrees Twitter must do more to let you know if you’ve been targeted in a foreign influence operation. Much more must be done to protect users our democracy.
WATCH LIVE: Senator Collins questions executives from Facebook and Twitter regarding their responses to foreign influence operations.
I look forward to welcoming back to the Senate my friend Jon Kyl, who served Arizona so ably in the past and will do so once again now that Governor Ducey has appointed him to fill John McCain’s seat.
On this Labor Day, I take special pride that the USS JOHN McCAIN was built by the world’s best shipbuilders at Bath Iron Works. Here’s BIW’s tribute to John his family, which I shared w/ Cindy McCain who so appreciated it. 
Tom I are on our way to the memorial service for John McCain at the National Cathedral. Yesterday’s ceremony in the Rotunda was a moving tribute to John.
