Joined @RepSchneider this morning in Zion to answer questions from constituents and provide an update on our work in Washington. Thanks to all who attended!
Glad to join veterans and VA leaders at @HinesVAH today for the presentation of a $5 million donation to the facility. The generosity of the Serwa family will go a long way to help veterans at Hines in the future.
This innovative program is a great example of what hospitals are doing as part of the Chicago HEAL Initiative, a collaboration I convened to help reduce violence improve health. Learn more about #HEALChicago here:
Today I sat down with leaders and community members from Proviso Partners for Health at @LoyolaHSD to learn more about how they are working together to address health economic inequities
I sent a letter to Secretary DeVos today urging @usedgov to stop wasting precious time and provide assistance to Argosy students. Read it here:
After wasting millions of tax dollars and crippling thousands of students with debt, another phony for-profit university, Argosy, is expected to imminently close its doors. When will this Administration stop subsidizing these worthless vultures?
I'm proud to join @SenMarkey's TRACED Act to combat the billions of robocalls hitting Americans every month. Let's pass this bipartisan bill and give consumers much needed relief from these
.@SenWhitehouse, @SenSanders, @SenWarren, @SenBlumenthal, and I are urging the IRS to start prioritizing and strengthening efforts to enforce money laundering and other serious financial crimes: 
Women girls around the world deserve equal access to education. By passing the READ Act last year—a bill I proudly cosponsored—the U.S. is helping ensure that girls in developing countries are on the path to success. #InternationalWomensDay #IWD2019
Empowering women around the world improves economies and communities, and helps to build a better, safer world for us all. #InternationalWomensDay #IWD2019
This is another senseless tragedy, and Illinois has lost one of its finest veteran law enforcement officers and heroes.
I am deeply saddened by Deputy Jacob Keltner’s death and my heart is with his family, friends, and the entire McHenry County Sheriff’s Department, and the Great Lakes Regional Fugitive Task Force.
Venezuelans in the United States should not be forced to return to Venezuela at this time of violent upheaval. It is in the President's hands to grant them temporary protected status, and I hope he will.
Granting TPS to Venezuelans already in the U.S. is a concrete measure the Trump Administration can immediately take to alleviate the suffering of innocent Venezuelan civilians. I’m leading a bipartisan group of Senators urging the President to make this designation:
#OTD in 1965 – hundreds marched for the right to vote in Selma, but were met with violence. Today, voter suppression efforts continue to target communities of color. Our march hasn’t ended, and we must stay vigilant in protecting this fundamental right.
I'm tracking updates on the shooting in Rockford with my staff. Thank you to the members of law enforcement who are responding to the emergency.
Republicans rubber stamping Mr. Readler - who sought to strip Americans of ACA protections for pre-existing conditions - for a lifetime appointment on the federal bench should tell you everything you need to know about where they stand on health care.
Illinois’ letter carriers provide a critical service, rain or shine. I value their dedication and hard work, and it was great to see a group of them in DC today.
March is Severe Weather Preparedness Month. Learn more about how you can be best prepared for the extreme weather events here @ReadyIllinois:
Secretary Nielsen helped create the ongoing humanitarian crisis at our border. Under her leadership, families have been torn apart, and the facts hidden from the American people. She must resign.
Cumulative student loan debt in America amounts to more than $1.5 trillion. I’ve joined @BrianSchatz to reintroduce a bill that would help reverse growing student loan debt. If we don’t do something, we risk losing a generation of economic growth.
I met with Jim Derwinski, @Metra CEO, today to discuss how we can make Metra a more efficient, affordable, and accessible mode of transportation for the people of Illinois.
Read my testimony at today’s @HouseJudiciary hearing:
It would be an American tragedy to deport #Dreamers and TPS recipients who have so much to contribute to our country. President Trump created these crises. But instead of working towards a solution, he has sabotaged every effort to save the Dreamers and TPS recipients.
Republicans and Democrats may not agree on much, but can’t we agree that we should fund our military’s top needs, not the President’s pet projects? Let's reject the President’s phony emergency declaration any effort to take money from our troops to build the wall.
President Trump is sowing confusion and creating real risks for our troops, including cuts to military projects across the country – all so he can declare victory at campaign rallies.
President Trump stated he would delay or cancel $3.6 billion in military construction projects, and cut $2.5 billion in other military priorities, so he could fulfill his campaign promise to build a wall. Remember his claims that Mexico was going to pay for his wall?
Let’s be clear about what the President is doing with his national emergency declaration: He is going to take money from military readiness —construction projects, training, equipment that our military needs—to build an ineffective wall along our southern border.
The internet doesn’t belong to President Trump, FCC Chairman Pai, or big corporations. Let’s pass @SenateDems’ new Save The Internet Act and return the internet to the American people. #SaveTheNet.
RT @TobaccoFreeKids: We strongly support federal legislation introduced today to crack down on kid-friendly flavors in tobacco products, in…
Thanks to @AmerAcadPeds for working with me to better protect kids from Big Tobacco and Big Vape companies.
Democrats stand ready to work with Republicans on smart and effective border security, but we need the Trump Administration to drop their cruel campaign on families and children and focus on the real threats to America.
Instead, the Trump Administration has implemented unilateral – and in some cases illegal – measures that are destabilizing Central America and driving more families into the arms of human traffickers.
GAO found 70% of crime guns seized in Mexico traced by ATF originated in the US. But CBP says it only conducts outbound inspections “when resources permit.” Why on earth doesn’t the President request more resources to stop the iron river of guns arming cartels to the teeth?
The Trump Administration should be going after the cartels who are profiting off of human misery, instead of cracking down on innocent families and children who are fleeing for their lives.
America is in the midst of the worst drug epidemic in our history. But the heart of the President’s plan to protect America is his beloved border wall, even though the vast majority of lethal narcotics that cross our border come through legal ports of entry.
I’m not going to be sending any thank-you flowers to Eli Lilly for this new “bargain” pricing scheme, after hiking the price of Humalog more than 35 times – from $21 to $329. Big Pharma has to stop its price gouging of insulin patients:
Sat down with Air Force Secretary Wilson this afternoon to hear how the men and women of the @usairforce are doing, and how I can help support their missions in Illinois, throughout our country, and abroad.
I found an unlikely ally in Commissioner Gottlieb when it came to fighting Big Tobacco and the e-cigarette epidemic. I hope Gottlieb’s successor picks up right where he leaves off.
The Trump Administration is barreling towards war with Iran. My op-ed with @SenatorTomUdall:
Almost immediately after Mr. Readler signed the brief, he was nominated by the White House for a federal judgeship. What message is President Trump sending with this nomination? Republicans are doubling down on their attack on coverage for pre-existing conditions.
The Senate is voting on Chad Readler’s judicial nomination now. Readler filed the Trump Administration’s brief in the Texas. v. U.S. case where he opposed the ACA’s requirement to cover pre-existing conditions. He wanted it stricken from the books.
Spoke with General Joseph Lengyel, Chief of the National Guard Bureau, about readiness and defense priorities. I am proud of the brave men and women who serve in the @IL_Natl_Guard and will continue my efforts to support their work.
I’m concerned powerful e-cigarette companies are winning the war for our children’s health well-being. If we don’t want a generation of Americans to grow up with a lifelong nicotine addiction – one that could very well kill them – then passing the SAFE Kids Act is critical.
I reintroduced the SAFE Kids Act with @lisamurkowski, @RepDianaDeGette, and @RepRaskin today. This bill would restrict e-cigarette flavorings that are intentionally meant to appeal to kids, like cotton candy, kool-aid grape, and gummy bear.
An American citizen is being held prisoner and tortured, adding to the list of barbaric actions in Saudi Arabia. When will Pres. Trump Sec. of State Pompeo stop paying us lip service, stop coddling a dictator, and finally start holding MBS accountable?
RT @SenateDems: This week, the Senate will vote on Chad Readler to be a Circuit Court Judge.Readler filed the Trump admin brief calling f…
President Trump, members of his Administration, and congressional Republicans continue to downplay the threat climate change poses to our humanity and outright deny the science behind it.
Humalog can cost as little as $38 in Canada and yet Americans are charged up to $329. Now Eli Lilly is lowering the price in the U.S. for selected customers to $140. Charging Americans 4x what Canadians pay for the same drug hardly merits an outpouring of national gratitude.
Republicans just advanced the judicial nomination of 36 year-old Allison Jones Rushing for the 4th Circuit (NC). She has practiced law for just 9 years, only tried 4 cases to verdict or judgment in her career (none as lead counsel), and isn’t even a member of the NC bar.
Sending heartfelt condolences to those who have lost loved ones - and the entire state of Alabama - in the aftermath of deadly tornadoes that touched down over the weekend. Wishing them strength in recovery efforts.
The National Weather Service predicts a heightened risk for flooding in Illinois this spring. Find out how you can prepare at:
Joining Chicagoans and Polish-Americans around the country recognizing #PulaskiDay, a time to remember Casimir Pulaski's contributions to American independence. 
Wishing a happy 182nd birthday to the great "Windy City" of Chicago
I’m deeply troubled by reports of Saudi Arabia torturing an American citizen. He and other political prisoners must be released. This is despicable in aftermath of the murder of Jamal Khashoggi.
Convicted felons are prohibited from buying guns, but there are gaps in the records that must be closed. I'm asking the FBI to conduct a review to ensure records of felony domestic violence misdemeanor convictions are being appropriately shared across FBI databases.
I was honored to receive a special recognition at the Bicentennial of the Federal Courts in Illinois Celebration today. It’s been a privilege to support the men and women who keep our federal courts running and administer justice in our state
Credit and debit card swipe fees cost U.S. businesses and their customers $90 billion/year. This is unsustainable. Yet the WSJ reported that  @Visa and @MasterCard are looking to raise swipe fees in the U.S. and lower them in Europe. How is that fair?
I was glad to talk about REFUND Act this morning at @RushMedical. Nearly $3B is spent each year on cancer meds that end up in the trash, due to Pharma producing excessively large drug vials. My bill with @SenPortman reduces this colossal waste and lowers costs for patients.
In a letter today with @SenKevinCramer, @SenBillCassidy, and @SenTinaSmith - we urge the @US_FDA to revise its generics biosimilar policy to speed up approval of new, lower-cost insulin products.
The price of insulin is unacceptable. People shouldn't be rationing this life-saving medicine, or starting Go Fund Me's, for a drug that was discovered nearly a century ago. I'm fighting to lower costs for patients.
Students who were hung out to dry by deadbeat for-profit schools, with mountains of loan debt, should be allowed to hold these schools accountable in court. I've intro'd the CLASS Act w/ @RepMaxineWaters. It ends mandatory arbitration in for-profit college enrollment agreements.
.@SenDuckworth and I are asking Amtrak to immediately address the causes of yesterday's system failure at Chicago Union Station. It must make changes to ensure yesterday never happens again.  Commuters in the Chicago region deserve answers - Amtrak should release its findings.
This morning, I talked with @Amtrak CEO Richard Anderson about yesterday's computer system failure at Union Station. More information about that call in the video below:
My statement on yesterday's Amtrak computer system failure at Union Station:
Congratulations to Mundelein Police Chief Eric Guenther. Thankful for his dedication to helping those battling opioid addiction, and opening the doors to his police department in order to end stigmas associated with getting help.
The Senate just passed a resolution honoring the victims and thanking the first responders from the Aurora mass shooting. Our hearts remain with the victims, their family and friends, and the Aurora community during this difficult time.
It is within our power to help keep innocent men, women, and children out of harm’s way by granting Venezuelans already in the U.S. TPS. Let’s pass the Venezuela Temporary Protected Status Act of 2019.
Venezuela is in the throes of a crisis, and if we are truly committed to helping their people, the very least we can do is ensure that Venezuelans in the United States are not forced to put their lives at risk by returning to such dangerous conditions.
When it comes to seniors in support living facilities, many of whom are facing illness, disability, mental illness, and the like, I hope USDA won’t treat them as they’re somehow cheating their government. They depend on SNAP as a lifeline.
Forced arbitration has warped our justice system. It gives special interests corporations a free pass stacks the deck against hardworking Americans. This must end. Proud to join @SenBlumenthal, @RepHankJohnson @RepJerryNadler to intro the #FAIRAct. #EndForcedArbitration
The Trump Administration’s assault on @PPFA and the patients they serve must end. Thousands of women in Illinois rely on Planned Parenthood, and no one should be punished for seeking care and consultation. It’s their right.
My statement on the #HanoiSummit:
We no longer can afford the absolution of time to address climate change – the time to act is now. I’m proud of my Democratic Caucus colleagues for showing our resolve on this critical issue.
I’ve said for years: climate change is real, the science is clear, human activity is the cause, and we must act now. Our Republican colleagues must set aside politics and work with Democrats to address this crisis.
Former Secretary James Mattis knew that the country can’t hit the pause button on military readiness, but the White House still won’t
The safety, security, and readiness of our military is more important than President Trump keeping a campaign
The downfall of Argosy University has been a long time coming. @usedgov must immediately step up to work with accreditors and states to establish options for students to continue their studies at high-quality institutions.
Background check reform has passed the House. Republican leadership in the Senate should listen to the vast majority of Americans who support this sensible reform, and call for a vote.
In one year alone, President Trump’s discriminatory senseless travel ban has barred tens thousands of people - such as the wife of an American cancer doctor - from getting visas solely on the basis of their nationality.
Welcomed leaders from @LurieChildrens hospital today to thank them for their work to reduce violence improve health through my Chicago HEAL Initiative. Looking forward to partnering on my bills to lower Rx drug costs, expand access to care, and increase biomedical research.
Today, I met with the Illinois Fraternal Order of Police to thank them for their service across Illinois communities and to praise the heroic officers who responded to the warehouse mass shooting in Aurora on February 15, six of whom were injured during the response.
The Pharma Fleecing of Insulin must end. We should reward innovation, not greed create truly competitive free market for drugs. Pharma must be held accountable for their greed abusive practices. #PharmaFleece
This starts w Pharma’s war on patients w Diabetes. Insulin is one of the most common life-or-death products, 7.5M Americans rely on to survive. Yet in the U.S., diabetics pay 7x more than other countries for the same insulin. How is this possible in the richest country on Earth?
For too long, Big Pharma has abused the drug market their government-granted monopolies for prescription drugs that millions of Americans depend on. #PharmaFleece
Today, I started new series of floor speeches called “Pharma Fleece Award” to shine light on the outrageous greed of Big Pharma. Drug companies continue to fleece Americans with the skyrocketing cost of Rx drugs, despite selling the same drugs for much less overseas #PharmaFleece
My full statement on opposing Acting Administrator Wheeler's nomination:
We need someone leading the EPA that will put the health and well-being of the people of this country above the profits of corporate polluters. I cannot support Acting Administrator Andrew Wheeler's nomination.
In the 1770’s, John Baptiste Point Du Sable became the first permanent settler of what later became the City of Chicago. Du Sable is recognized as the “Founding Father” of Chicago and was vital in the establishment of grain and fur trade through the Midwest. #BlackHistoryMonth
Hardworking broadcasters play vital roles in keeping Illinoisans informed on what’s happening locally and around the world. Today, I met with the Illinois Broadcasters Association to discuss upcoming legislation to ensure access to broadcast media is not harmed.
Proud to have earned a 100% on the #LCVScorecard. I’ll continue to push for action on climate change, protection of our public lands and natural resources, and an expansion of renewable energy.
These bills represent commonsense reforms that the vast majority of Americans support. Senate Republicans would be unwise to dismiss them. Complacency in addressing the epidemic of gun violence has to end. Communities across America depend on it.
Yesterday, I met with Illinois members of the @ALALibrary to discuss the work they are doing across Illinois. I will continue to support their efforts and advocate for increased federal funding for libraries that provide important services to Illinois communities.
The House just sent a clear and bipartisan message to President Trump. His national emergency is legally dubious and a blatant power grab from Congress. The Senate should follow suit and pass this resolution.
Mr. Miller’s nomination is also opposed by a broad array of civil rights, environmental, labor, and other organizations who are concerned about his record and his legal views.
The 9th Circuit includes 427 of the 573 federally recognized tribal nations. It hears more cases involving tribal issues than any other circuit. It is deeply troubling to see a 9th Circuit nominee like Mr. Miller whose impartiality on tribal legal matters is in question.
It is rare for the National Congress of American Indians to weigh in against a judicial nominee. But NCAI strongly opposes the Miller nomination. Here’s what they wrote in a letter to the Judiciary Committee:
WA's senators oppose his nomination, and for good reason. Mr. Miller is only 43 years old. But in his relatively short legal career he has demonstrated that his views are far outside of the legal mainstream, particularly when it comes to legal issues involving Indian tribes.
The Senate is currently voting on 9th Circuit nominee Eric Miller. If confirmed, he'd be first judicial nominee confirmed with no blue slips - i.e., no approval from either home state Senator. Republicans would remove yet another guardrail in the Senate advice consent process.
I have introduced the REFUND Act w/ @senrobportman to stop drug companies who insist on these wasteful practices, especially when they sell smaller vials overseas. The #REFUNDAct will help recoup money for wasted medications and lower Rx drug costs for patients.
For too long, Pharma has sold their medications in excessively large packages that contain more medicine than the average patient needs. American patients and taxpayers end up paying nearly $3 billion each year on drugs that are being tossed in the trash. #REFUNDAct
Tonight, @SenDuckworth and I, along with a group of bipartisan members from the Illinois Delegation, welcomed newly elected @GovPritzker on his first trip to DC. Excited about the work we can do together for our constituents.
My deepest condolences to Colonel Morgenthaler’s family and friends during this difficult time.
All Americans hope that U.S. diplomacy with North Korea will succeed. But diplomacy should be judged by real, tangible results, not by the number of photo ops. Read my letter to President Trump ahead of his summit in Vietnam with Kim Jong Un:
.@rosadelauro and I have called on the Dept. of Ed. Inspector General to investigate the missing student aid funds and @BetsyDeVosED’s handling of Dream Center case:
.@usedgov is encouraging @ArgosyU students who are owed student aid funds to contact or 1-844-651-0077
Today I visited @TheHatcheryChi, a new non-profit food and beverage startup incubator dedicated to helping local entrepreneurs build and grow successful businesses. The facility expects to create or maintain at least 900 jobs in Chicago’s west side community in the first 5 yrs.
.@AARPFoundation is offering free tax-aide services to assist taxpayers with tax return preparation and e-filing. If you need help, check out to find a Tax-Aide location near you.
The very real increase in bigotry and hate violence must continue to be addressed directly. If allegations against Jussie Smollett are true, we risk a setback in our efforts.
The Trump Administration admits that hundreds of children were separated after the family separation policy supposedly ended. If there's an emergency on the border, it's the humanitarian crisis the President created by forcibly removing thousands of children from their parents.
RT @NMAAHC: In the first half of the 20th Century, the Chicago Defender newspaper helped draw tens of thousands of African Americans to Chi…
Tonight I joined the @NIUlive, DeKalb and Aurora communities in honoring the lives of NIU student Trevor Wehner and alumnus Clay Parks. My heart continues to be with the people of Aurora and the families of the people we lost in this senseless tragedy.
I am proud to have helped secure federal funding for this project and will continue to advocate for federal investments in the digital future of manufacturing:
I was happy to mark the 5th anniversary of @UILABS_ by announcing the @DeptofDefense is extending its partnership with @UILABS_ and @DMDII_
I’ll be on @CNNnewsroom shortly, tune in.
I’ll be joining @Morning_Joe soon, tune in.
Illinois joined 15 other states standing up against the President’s bogus emergency declaration to justify expanding his beloved wall. The real emergency is our nation’s need for leadership we can trust.
The majority of Americans know that the President’s “national emergency” amounts to nothing but grandstanding for his base.
Four historic presidents have called Illinois home and have helped shape our nation. Today, we celebrate their legacy and the work they have done to make this country great. #PresidentsDay
My heart continues to be with the people of Aurora. The City of Lights is strong-willed, filled with people who can come together and support each other in the face of yesterday’s senseless tragedy. So grateful for the heroic efforts of law enforcement first responders.
The next time you hear about over regulation by the EPA, think of Willowbrook’s Sterigenics with cancer causing ethylene oxide gas readings 350 times the acceptable risk level and Trump’s EPA sitting on its hands. Thanks to @GovPritzker for stepping up.
My statement with @SenDuckworth regarding the Seal Order on Sterigenics:
My statement on today's tragic shooting at Henry Pratt Company in Aurora:
My heart breaks for Aurora. I'm tracking updates on the situation with my staff. Thank you to the members of law enforcement who are responding to the emergency.
In 1993, Carol Moseley Braun became the first African American female to serve in the U.S. Senate. As a Senator, she tackled issues on women's rights and civil rights. Her leadership has opened doors for women in public service across the country. #BlackHistoryMonth
.@SenDuckworth and I joined our Illinois colleagues in the House asking Gov. Evers to consider the Illinois environmental impacts – like increased flooding – of the new #Foxconn plant.
I hope that Republicans who loudly and repeatedly challenged President Obama’s lawful exercise of his executive authority will be equally outspoken in condemning this lawless power grab by President Trump. #NationalEmergencyDeclaration
While the President claims he wants to build this wall to stop the flow of drugs, his own Administration has stated that the vast majority of lethal narcotics that cross our southern border come through legal ports of entry. #NationalEmergencyDeclaration
Through his #NationalEmergencyDeclaration, President Trump is continuing his fear-mongering approach to innocent families and children who come to our border fleeing persecution.
President Trump’s #NationalEmergencyDeclaration serves one purpose and one purpose only: to fulfill his campaign promise to build a big, beautiful wall. My full statement here:
This week marks 5 years since the establishment of the @CommerceGov NIST Cybersecurity Framework. This program has been critical to companies – large and small – to strengthen cybersecurity and lessen privacy risks.
Today’s bipartisan agreement to fund the government that passed the Senate rejects President Trump’s demand for $5.7 billion for a border wall and makes responsible investments in border security long supported by Democrats. My statement:
A big step forward for Illinois workers today as the General Assembly just approved a $15 minimum wage. Nobody who gets up every morning and does their job should have to live in poverty in America. They deserve a raise. #RaiseTheWage
I voted no on William Barr's AG nomination today. When it comes to Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation, I fear that Mr. Barr has been telegraphing his pitches. My statement here:
What a great turn out for the 1st IL Constituent Coffee of the 116th Congress. Thanks to all the Illinois groups and students that came out today to speak with @SenDuckworth and me. I enjoyed hearing from you.
It’s outrageous that for more than a century, Congress has failed to make lynching a federal crime. The House should pass this legislation as soon as possible.
On this day in 2008, Illinois tragically lost five students to a mass shooting at NIU. I join with the NIU community in DeKalb in honoring their lives today.
Every day, law enforcement officers first responders risk their lives. In return, we must do more to help the families of fallen officers when their loved ones are killed in the line of duty like Commander Bauer, who made the ultimate sacrifice one year ago yesterday.
My thoughts are with the family of fallen @Chicago_Police Commander Bauer’s family this week, as we remember his life and service to the city of Chicago.
As we remember the 17 innocent lives lost at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School a year ago today, we must summon the courage in Congress to pass common sense gun reform. Our words are not enough. We have to act to prevent gun violence. #ParklandStrong
This boils down to whether you believe health care is a privilege for the wealthy and healthy few, or a right for everyone. I believe it's a right for all Americans.
By giving more Americans the choice to participate in Medicare, while simultaneously protecting the program for today’s seniors, this bill represents an important next step toward our shared goal of health care for all.
Introduced the Medicare at 50 Act with @SenDuckworth today. It would give people between the ages of 50 and 64 years old the option of buying into Medicare.
With more than 40,000 Veterans Health Administration vacancies, it's time to make necessary changes that will bring more workers to the VA. The VA Employee Fairness Act addresses these issues allows workers to provide better health services to our nation’s veterans.
Today, I joined @SherrodBrown to introduce the VA Employee Fairness Act. This bill restores VA health care professionals’ collective bargaining rights that will allow workers to advocate for better work environments, competitive pay, and patient care concerns.
Today, I met with doctors from Chicago Medical Society to discuss the rise in prescription drug prices the future of health care. Thanks for your work and continued support on my Rx pricing bills to crack down on abusive Pharma monopolies require price tags drug ads on TV.
In Illinois, 532 children have died from gun violence in the last 5 years. This is unacceptable. It’s time to pass stronger national gun control laws to protect children from deadly weapons stop the epidemic of gun
Ahead of the 1 year anniversary of the Parkland, FL shooting, @MiamiHerald @teamtrace take a deeper look at how gun violence is impacting children in America. We must do more to stop these senseless killings prevent the loss of innocent lives. #NeverAgain
RT @chicagobotanic: We are proud to officially open the Farm on Ogden today with Lawndale Christian Health Center to offer food, jobs and h…
The @chicagobotanic is a beautiful urban oasis one of the world's great living museums and conservation science centers. Today, I met with President Jean Franczyk to discuss urban agriculture, food deserts and their dynamic Farm on Ogden.
This rule change is a solution in search of a problem. Nearly four times as many judicial nominations (85) were confirmed in 2017-18 as in 2015-16 (22).  And Sen. McConnell said last November that “I don’ t think we’ll have any trouble finding time to do nominations.”
Today, Senate Republicans, led by Leader McConnell, voted in committee to change Senate rules to limit debate on judicial nominees—even as Senate Rs brag about the “record number” of judicial confirmations under Trump.
RT @nytopinion: The Trump administration has made clear it's more interested in rewarding the lending industry than protecting borrowers ht…
For hardworking people in Illinois and across the country, the #GOPTaxScam has brought one harmful surprise after another. They deserve far better.
This Thursday, join me and @SenDuckworth for the first Illinois Constituent Coffee of the 116th Congress. We look forward to seeing Illinoisans in DC and updating you on all that’s happening here. For more information, contact my office at 202-224-2152.
I’ve joined my colleagues in introducing bills that would help protect consumers against scams like these, including requiring phone companies to offer free robocall-blocking technology, improve caller ID accuracy, and toughen penalties for illegal robocalls.
Be wary of these fraudulent robocalls looking to scam you in to giving away your Social Security numbers. They left me a message just this
On Lincoln's birthday, the Senate passed a bill that will expand the Lincoln National Heritage Area. This will give future generations of Illinois residents and visitors the chance to learn about President Lincoln’s lasting legacy in our great state and support the local economy.
Today, I joined @SenDuckworth, @RepSchneider, @RepBillFoster, @RepLipinski, and @RepCasten to introduce a pair of bills that would hold the EPA accountable. It’s time to set new standards on EtO emissions.
.@EPA must treat the ethylene oxide emissions at Sterigenics with the urgency it deserves. No one should have to live in fear that simply breathing the air around their house, in their school, or at work will make them sick.
Her story drive for justice inspire me to work harder for strong gun safety laws throughout the U.S. I am excited to have Rep. McBath here in Congress and look forward to working with her on this issue to help prevent the loss of more innocent lives.
Today it was an honor to welcome Illinois native @RepLucyMcBath to Congress. I first met her in 2013 when she bravely testified at a Senate hearing that I convened on gun violence. Her powerful testimony about the murder of her son Jordan was unforgettable.
Additionally – it’s unfortunate the Trump Administration is choosing to ignore a deadline for the Magnitsky Act and not file a report on the murder of Mr. Khashoggi
These barbaric practices will continue to be factored into my votes on future cooperation, arms sales, and targeted sanctions involving Saudi Arabia.
Hopes of real reform under the Saudi Crown Prince have been cruelly dashed by Mr. Badawi’s continued jailing, the premeditated murder of Jamal Khashoggi, and the jailing and torture of other peaceful voices of change. 
Pleased to meet with Ensaf Haidar today in DC, wife of jailed Saudi political prisoner Raif Badawi. I have been advocating for his release for years.
Great to see many members of the Illinois Community College Trustee Association today. Thank you for your commitment to higher education and your continued effort to ensure that all students across Illinois have access to affordable education.
RT @chicagotribune: Teens nationwide, including in the Chicago area, are writing obituaries for every child in the U.S. who has died from a…
RT @SenatorMenendez: When will the @SenateGOP see that thoughts prayers don’t save lives? We need REAL change.@RepTedDeutch and I are p…
That has to change - and it's why I'm joining my colleagues on a bill that would restore it.
A provision that helped IL families save money - the state and local tax (SALT) deduction - was capped by the Republican bill, subjecting families across the state to burdensome double-taxation hurting local communities’ ability to raise revenue for essential public services.
Illinoisans are now realizing that not only are they not receiving the $4,000 raise that was promised to them by the President and Republicans, but they could owe more on their taxes this year because of the Republican tax law.
The #FAMILYAct means more mothers, fathers, and American workers will have the opportunity to care and provide for themselves and their families while keeping their jobs. It’s time to make #PaidLeave more accessible to everyday Americans.
In Illinois, even unpaid leave under current federal law is inaccessible for 60% of working people. This means Illinoisans are continuously faced with tough choices when starting families and dealing with personal and family health issues. #FAMILYAct
We discussed the important work of the Truth, Reconciliation, and Reparations Commission in accounting for missing journalist Ebrima Manneh and so many others who suffered under the previous regime. The U.S. should support these efforts.
Pleased to meet Gambian Ambassador Fadera to discuss his country’s historic return to democracy under President Barrow.
In the Land of Lincoln, we are proud to honor the life and legacy of Abraham Lincoln. Today, on the 210th Birthday of Lincoln, we continue to celebrate the remarkable contributions he made to this country. Happy Birthday, Abe.
I joined @RepSchneider to introduce a bill that would require gun stores to better secure their guns after business hours. Unless we work together to stop this problem, more guns will end up in the wrong hands.
There is a growing trend of criminals getting guns by breaking into gun shops after business hours and stealing the guns on display. Those guns are often used to commit violent crimes. Here’s an in-depth look at a problem:
E-cigarettes are the main drivers for an increase in youth tobacco use. These products are reversing the progress we’ve made by hooking our children onto a deadly and addictive habit.
Special thanks to Susie and Teagan for sharing their story about how their family has been harmed by the rising cost of insulin, which has doubled in price over 4 years despite being on the market for nearly a century.
I was glad to stand with @LurieChildrens medical professionals and @JDRFIllinois this morning to talk about the FLAT Prices Act, my new bill to prevent large price spikes for prescription drugs by cracking down on abusive Pharma monopolies.
Very pleased that the FDA sent out warning letters to dietary supplement companies who claim their products - without any proof - are able prevent, treat, or cure Alzheimer’s, diabetes, and cancer.
This holds promise to be the first real dietary supplement safety improvement in 25 years. Under this new plan, Consumers will be informed quicker when there’s a problem with a product, and FDA can enforce new strategies and take action against bad actors.
My condolences to @RepMikeQuigley on the passing of his father. From humble beginnings, he led a life of service.
Today I visited @ICNCChicago, a small business incubator focused on the food industry. They provide 120 tenants an innovative community to grow their small businesses.
Repealed individual mandate. Trying to replace real health plans with “junk plans.” Actively supporting TX court case which would eliminate #ACA protections for pre-existing conditions. Slashed funding for staff who sign people up for insurance. Sounds like sabotage to me.
Today I got to tour @HarperCollege Manufacturing School. Thanks to a grant from @USDOL they expanded their advanced manufacturing training program to other community colleges throughout Illinois.
Happy to say a few words this morning at the @CiscoBuildUnion Annual Meeting about the importance of strong unions and workforce training.
Sad to hear about John Dingell. He was a giant in the history of the House and the undisputed champion of universal health care. My condolences to his wife @RepDebDingell and John’s family.
Spoke to Acting EPA Administrator Wheeler this morning on the reports of high emissions of ethylene oxide at Sterigenics, and misconduct at the facility. I made it clear to him that EPA has no time to waste in getting to the bottom of this, and that Illinoisans deserve answers.
Good news for Chicago as @Ford will make a big investment in our workers and state.
In 1983, Harold Washington became the first African American Mayor of Chicago. Washington fostered a new era of politics in Chicago and enabled Chicagoan's of all backgrounds to use their political power to bring progressive change throughout the city. #BlackHistoryMonth
Last weekend, students from @NapervilleNorth won the regional competition of the National Science Bowl. Congratulations on your hard work and I look forward to seeing you represent Illinois in the National Science Bowl’s National Finals, this April. #NSB2019 @DOE_SC_NSB
Pharma spends $6 billion per year to flood the airwaves w/drug ads. My bill with @ChuckGrassley called for transparency to this deceptive marketing, by requiring price tags in commercials. Pharma finally seeing writing on the wall – this will help lower costs for patients:
My statement with @SenDuckworth, @RepBillFoster, @RepLipinski, @RepSchneider, and @RepCasten on the latest with Sterigenics:
If Walgreens is incapable of not selling e-cigarettes and tobacco products to children, I have a suggestion: as a health pharmacy, they should stop selling these products altogether.
It was great to see my friends from the House of Representatives today for the 1st IL Delegation Luncheon of the 116th Congress. I look forward to continuing to work with you to help Illinoisans succeed.
My friend and Illinois colleague, Rep. @janschakowsky, hit the nail on the head at today’s hearing on the Trump Administration’s family separation policy. This Administration’s child separation policy amounts to state-sanctioned child abuse.
Met w/ @federalreserve Chairman Jerome Powell to discuss the state of the U.S. economy. With fast-growing student loan debt, less access to affordable housing, and a lack of competition in the credit/debit card markets, we agreed action is necessary to help Americans get ahead.
