Weeks after the longest government shutdown in history, many federal contractors still are facing unpaid bills for work they didn’t choose to miss. That’s why I joined a bipartisan group to urge that Congress take action to make these contractors whole.
The daily contributions of Maine women make an immense impact on lives and livelihoods. On #IWD2019, we honor these leaders, co-workers, loved ones, and all women worldwide, as we strive to make sure women and girls everywhere have equal opportunity to make a difference.
Here’s a phrase I really like: ‘New Global Corporate Headquarters, Portland Maine.’ Congratulations to @WEXIncNews on today’s ribbon cutting ceremony – it’s been fantastic to see the company grow, expand and diversify, and I can't wait to see all of the ‘Wexcellence’ to come!
The American experiment relies on each of us carrying on the traditions established by our Founders. The most important of these traditions is the peaceful transition of power; today on @NewDay, I stressed the dangers of the President’s rhetoric regarding “legitimate” elections.
Travis now runs the Travis Mills Foundation, using his platform and his voice to help wounded veterans and their families heal. With his indomitable spirit and incredible courage, I can’t imagine there could be a more deserving recipient of this award.
I’ve met a lot of people throughout my life, but Travis stands out as one of – if not the – most inspiring and positive people I’ve ever come across.
These awards recognize Americans whose exceptional courage and selfless service embody the values of the Congressional Medal of Honor: courage and sacrifice; commitment and integrity; citizenship and patriotism. That’s Travis.
Proud to join the @CMOHfoundation today to announce that Maine’s own @ssgtravismills is a finalist for the Congressional Medal Honor Society’s 2019 Citizen Honors Awards.
We've heard about unacceptable on-base living conditions from servicemembers, including mold contamination and pest infestations, at some installations. In a Senate hearing today, I pressed officials to ensure that servicemembers and their families have access to quality housing.
That’s not how this is supposed to work. Let’s come together, cut through the bureaucracy, and make sure our friends and neighbors have the tools they need to prevent serious injuries and remain in their homes.
There are a number of well-intentioned federal programs that are supposed to make it easier for seniors and individuals with disabilities to stay in their homes – so many programs, in fact, that it can be hard for these individuals to understand and access this assistance.
If you ask seniors or individuals with disabilities where they’d like to live, the vast majority will deliver a simple and clear answer: ‘at home.’ So let’s help them do that. That’s why today, I introduced the Senior and Disability Home Modification Assistance Initiative Act.
There is no tool more important to success in the 21st century economy than the open internet. That’s why I’ve joined my colleagues to introduce the 'Save the Internet' Act, which would fully restore #NetNeutrality rules and make sure the internet remains a level playing field.
It’s always great to see these folks on their yearly trek to DC, but this time, they were missing a friendly face: Pete Miesburger, who passed away in November. Pete was a tireless advocate for Maine’s veterans and a friend – we missed his presence.
The members of Maine’s VFW took on the challenge of defending our nation and our freedom – they deserve our immense respect, and we must give every effort to serve them. A pleasure to host them in D.C. this week.
Since he does not believe that a patient with a pre-existing condition deserves access to healthcare, I do not believe he deserves to be seated as a United States judge, and I will vote ‘no’ on his nomination.
In a line of unqualified or unfit judicial nominees over the last two years, Mr. Readler’s candidacy stands out as particularly concerning to me.
Unfortunately, the administration’s latest nominee, Chad Readler, doesn’t agree – in fact, he was the at the forefront of the effort to dismantle the Affordable Care Act’s protections for those with pre-existing conditions.
Healthcare isn’t a privilege that can be revoked if you’re too poor or too sick; it is a right, and every American should be able to rely on that right in order to lead a happy, healthy life.
Many important functions of U.S. military operations are met through civilian enterprises like shipping, air travel etc. Today, I urged General Lyons of the U.S. Transportation Command to take further steps to ensure the cyber resiliency of their private sector partners. WATCH:
Congratulations to Maddie on winning Best in Breed at the Westminster Dog Show. While I’m certainly biased towards dogs named Maddie – specifically my Maddie who is no doubt resting in the sun on our couch in Brunswick – this was a well-deserved
That’s why I signed on to the Mark Takai Atomic Veterans Healthcare Parity Act, which extends key VA benefits to these veterans. Let us uphold our solemn promise to care for our country’s veterans as they have cared for us. Read more here:
In the 1970s, American servicemembers cleaned up nuclear test sites on Enewetak Atoll in the Marshall Islands – exposing themselves to harmful radiation. They deserve healthcare benefits that match their arduous work in the line of duty.
Congratulations to mushers Martin Massicotte, Rico Portalatin, and Daniel Coutu for their wins in the 250 mile, 100 mile, and 30 mile races respectively. And congratulations to all the athletes and their teams for a tough, hard fought competition.
The Can-Am Crown Sled Dog Race in Fort Kent is a wonderful celebration of community and culture. Whether you are from the County, are headed up for a weekend of snowmobiling, or are traveling from across the country to compete in the race, it is truly a sight to see.
Last week, I cosponsored the DRIVE Safe Act to address a nationwide shortage of truck drivers by creating an apprenticeship program which allows young people to get a jumpstart on their careers, and helps them be safer drivers while doing it. READ MORE:
Restricting flavored e-cigarettes is a step in the right direction from this administration as we work to improve public health and discourage young people from vaping.
Without @DHSgov raising the H-2B visa cap to allow for additional workers, Maine’s seasonal businesses will struggle to meet the demand for services in the summer. That’s why I joined with @SenatorCollins and bipartisan colleagues to urge @SecNielsen to raise the visa cap.
A good day at the Maine Fishermen’s Forum with folks from all over the state (along with a few from across the nation!) and a wonderful opportunity to dig into the issues and opportunities within one of Maine’s iconic industries.
The States Achieve Medicaid Expansion (SAME) Act will ensure that Maine has access to the SAME benefits it would have received had it expanded in 2014 – it’s commonsense and will create more affordable coverage for over 70,000 Maine people. READ MORE:
Maine people have made it clear: they want Medicaid expansion. While Maine’s government processes this at the state level, I've cosponsored a bill to keep fighting to ensure Maine receives the same federal benefits it would have received if our state expanded Medicaid earlier.
Our rural communities rely on the economic contributions of Maine’s potato growers – more than $150 million in 2017. That’s why this month I joined colleagues to send a letter urging that the U.S. potato industry be a priority in trade talks with China.
Potatoes aren’t just a major economic driver for the County– they’re a tradition. Just ask Curtis Harrison, the Maine Potato Board’s 2019 Young Farmer of the Year and a 4th generation potato grower! A pleasure to see Curtis and others from the Maine Potato Board in DC this week.
It was great to sit down with @samanthayorkME to discuss this vital subject, and wonderful to see so many other Maine people raising their voices in this story as well. I’ll keep pushing in Congress to expand broadband access to rural Maine people.
From economic growth to educational opportunities to access to healthcare, so much of modern life relies on reliable, high-speed access to the internet. In order for rural Maine communities to thrive, we need to make sure they have access this infrastructure.
In rural Maine, the lack of high-speed broadband isn’t just an annoyance – it’s a serious obstacle to economic growth. On last night’s @NEWSCENTERMAINE, I joined many Maine voices to emphasize the importance of this 21st century tool to Maine’s future.
More than 30 years ago, former Senator George Mitchell – my predecessor – spoke in a committee hearing to urge action on climate change. In the three decades since, his words have gone unheeded, and his threats more serious than ever. I read his statement on the floor today:
I'm heading to the Senate floor soon to echo my predecessor, former Senator George Mitchell, in his call for action on climate change. You can watch live on my Facebook page:
The � industry is a vital part of Maine’s economy, and a central part of life for coastal communities. Our state can’t afford to let this economic driver become collateral damage in trade talks. I’ll keep fighting alongside my colleagues to defend this iconic Maine industry.
Maine's lobster industry did not ask for this trade war, but it is suffering the consequences as Chinese tariffs have limited access to a vital market for American lobsters. I joined the Maine delegation to urge @USTradeRep to push to remove these tariffs during negotiations.
We can, and should, pass commonsense legislation to make sure drug companies aren’t increasing profits at the expense of public health. That’s why I’ve cosponsored three bills to remove unneeded tax breaks and reduce costs. Read more: 
With drug costs so high, Maine people working with limited budgets – particularly seniors – are being forced to make unthinkable choices; for example: the choice between missing a dose of medicine, or skipping meals. It doesn’t have to be this way.
Today, my colleagues who serve on @SenateFinance made it clear to pharmaceutical industry leaders: Americans of all ages and backgrounds are struggling with the cost of prescription drugs, and they need real relief. I couldn’t agree with them more.
I met with leaders from Maine’s American Legion yesterday to discuss ways we can increase access to mental healthcare for our veterans, ongoing efforts to improve services at Togus, and to thank them for their lifetime of service to our nation and to the veterans community.
The American Legion provides support and an important voice to veterans in Maine and across the country. As the nation’s largest wartime veterans service organization, the Legion is a champion for those who answered the call to defend our nation.
Kate and Stephanie both work to ensure Maine's public lands have the resources to thrive. The Senate's passage of the public lands bill shows a bipartisan commitment to our responsibility to preserve these public lands for future generations.
In this month’s edition of #InsideMaine on @WGANNews, Kate Dempsey of @nature_org and Stephanie Clement of Friends of Acadia joined me to discuss key wins for Maine in the public lands bill – be sure to download on Apple Podcasts or listen HERE:
When @GovJanetMills comes to town, it’s only right to have a full Maine meeting! A great conversation yesterday about how Maine’s congressional delegation and state leadership can work together to create results for the state we’re all lucky enough to call home.
In our conversation, we identified obstacles disabled veterans face and looked for new opportunities to make sure they have access to the resources they need. We’re all so grateful for their service and their continued activism on behalf of veterans.
America’s disabled veterans, some of whom carry their sacrifice with them in daily life, deserve nothing less than our complete gratitude and total support. Yesterday, I met with members of the Disabled American Veterans of Maine to express that sentiment.
I joined bipartisan group of colleagues today to urge @ENERGY and @DHSgov to ban the use of inverters made by Chinese telecom giant Huawei. We must protect our critical infrastructure from potential cyberattacks @thehill:
The @bangordailynews is correct — the Senate’s 92-8 passage of public lands legislation is a huge, bipartisan victory for Maine and an example of how legislating is supposed to work. Read more about what this bill means for our state:
Start your weekend off by listening to Inside Maine on @WGANNews at 10am!  I’ll have Kate Dempsey of @nature_org and Stephanie Clement of Friends of Acadia join me to chat about the bipartisan success story of the public lands bill and it’s key wins for Maine.
Happy 150th Birthday, Auburn – and congratulations to all the people of this great community! Today, we’re not just celebrating Auburn’s history; we are celebrating its future as well, and given the spirit of Auburn’s people, I know the next 150 years will be even brighter.
If hackers take down our electric grid, it wouldn’t just be a matter of lights going off in your home: financial systems, hospitals, and more would all go down. It would be a matter of life and death — we need to prepare before an attack, not react after it happens.
Our electric grid literally powers American life — but the underlying infrastructure has vulnerabilities, and we’ve already seen foreign actors hack into these systems. That’s why I’ve introduced a bill to restore some manual features to the grid and protect our infrastructure.
If the President were to remove DNI Coats, it would send a message to the entire Intelligence Community that our Commander-in-Chief is not interested in hearing the facts – which would lead to bad intelligence and disastrous policy decisions. It shouldn’t happen.
The Intelligence Community is tasked with delivering the most insightful intelligence possible, and DNI Coats has fulfilled his duty. It would be a mistake for the President to fire him for clearly and forcefully describing national security threats.
These are two serious challenges facing our state, and through this legislation, we’ve come together in a bipartisan way to find a solution that works for everyone. This is a win-win for our students and our businesses – it’s just commonsense.
Maine college graduates are struggling with student loan debt, and Maine companies are searching for new ways to attract and retain talent – so I’ve cosponsored a bill to allow employers to contribute tax-free money toward their employees’ student loans.
I’ll be on next with @NewDay — tune in!
“...The occasion is piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with the occasion. As our case is new, so we must think anew, and act anew. We must disenthrall ourselves, and then we shall save our country.”
President Lincoln is one of my personal heroes, and on #PresidentsDay — on most days, in fact, — I turn to his words for wisdom and guidance. In an address to Congress amidst the Civil War, Lincoln said: “The dogmas of the quiet past, are inadequate to the stormy present...”
These critical projects for roads, picnic areas and visitor centers are essential to ensure safe visitor experiences and allow future generations to experience the wonders of our National Parks — from Acadia to Zion — for years to come.
Proud to join @senalexander @senrobportman @markwarner to reintroduce the Restore Our Parks Act, which would address the $12 billion maintenance backlog at @NatlParkService. Read more about the importance of this legislation:
Yesterday, the Energy and Natural Resources Committee held a hearing on the importance of defending ourselves from cyberattacks – but the hearing seemed to lack the appropriate urgency. I tried to sound the alarm and change that. WATCH:
Talked to WABI yesterday about the #NationalEmergencyDeclaration. The Constitution prevents the President – any President – from spending money on a project without Congressional approval. This goes against the ideals of our founding document. WATCH:
From last night, my response to today's #NationalEmergencyDeclaration
This is antithetical to our American system of government, and I hope and expect that any move by the President to circumvent Congress will be quickly challenged in court.
The President's plan to declare a ‘national emergency’ to fund his border wall even as his own DHS says that illegal border crossings are declining is not what the Framers of the Constitution intended when they explicitly assigned spending powers to Congress, not the executive.
The leadership displayed by classmates of the victims and students from across the country has proven over and over again that you don’t need to be an elected official to make a difference. There's more work to do, but they've already made a difference. #MSDStrong
Last year, I wrote this piece in support of those participating in #MarchForOurLives, urging them to keep going. They’ve done just that: inspiring action, demanding change. They've led – and they’re just getting started. #MSDStrong
One year ago today, 17 innocent lives were taken – taken from their family, their friends, their community. Today, we honor their memory, mourn their loss, and rededicate ourselves to acting on their behalf to #EndGunViolence. #MSDStrong
This legislation also permanently reauthorizes the Acadia National Park Advisory Commission, which plays an important role in dialogues between the Park and the surrounding communities. Through these important actions, we can ensure that NPS will continue to be a good neighbor.
For generations, Downeast Maine people have earned their living by worming and clamming in the intertidal zone at Acadia. This week, my bill with @SenatorCollins to clarify the boundary of @AcadiaNPS and protect their industry passed the Senate. MORE: 
Joining @AliVelshi to discuss my bill with @SenatorRisch to protect America's energy grid from cyberattacks. Tune in!
The overwhelmingly bipartisan nature of this vote – 92 to 8! – shows how LWCF transcends partisanship. Last night, the Senate made a commitment to the American people: that the LWCF will be here for years to come, working to connect our citizens with America’s public lands.
For the last half century, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has helped Americans from all walks of life access the natural beauty of our country – and last night, the Senate passed legislation that permanently reauthorizes this vital program.
After carefully studying William Barr’s record, I will be voting no on his nomination to serve as Attorney General. This vote is the product of intense research and thought, and my final decision is defined as much by the circumstances as it is by the nominee. My full statement:
Always good to see some friendly Maine faces in DC! The Maine State Society serves as a “home away from home” for Maine people living in DC, and this morning I had the pleasure to join them for an Eggs and Issues Breakfast to discuss the future of Maine’s workforce.
Today, I joined a bipartisan group to write to the Trump administration urging it to be sure the U.S. potato industry is a priority in the ongoing trade talks with China. @newscentermaine:
Maine potatoes aren’t just part of our state’s heritage, they’re integral to our economy and to farmers and their families in the County and throughout the state.
Speaking to a TSA Agent yesterday, I was alarmed to learn he had not yet received back pay. Two weeks after the shutdown, this is unacceptable. Hardworking Americans must immediately receive the pay they are due:
It was wonderful to see the hard work of the staff and students in action today at Biddeford Intermediate School.
From its AfterSchool program to the Service Works program, @LearningWrks invests time and resources into Maine children to see that they have a fair shake and have the opportunity to grow.
LearningWorks’ dedication to children and families throughout southern Maine strengthens our communities and gives young people facing adversity the tools to learn and succeed.
@LearningWrks’ dedication to children and families throughout southern Maine strengthens our communities and gives young people facing adversity the tools to learn and succeed.
@LearningWrks’ dedication to children and families throughout southern Maine strengthens our communities and gives young people facing adversity the tools to learn and succeed.
Everywhere I go in Maine I hear 2 things from employers: We need qualified workers, and we’d love to hire Maine people. Through institutions like BRCOT, young people receive highly-skilled training so they can enter the workforce and become the backbone of our state’s economy.
Great to join Biddeford Regional Center of Technology (BRCOT) students and staff to celebrate 50 years of commitment to the local community.
National parks drive our local economies, allow millions of Americans to better connect to their natural surroundings, and serve as the sites for lifelong memories. These lands hold a special place in my heart, and I'm honored to keep working to defend them for future Americans.
From the Grand Canyon’s breathtaking size to Yosemite’s awe-inspiring wildlife to the magnificent coastal scenery of Maine’s own @AcadiaNPS, these sites embody America's limitless natural potential, diversity of experience, and promise to pass on a better world to our children.
Our national parks are a uniquely American treasure, and it is an immense privilege to continue to serve as Ranking Member on the Senate Subcommittee on National Parks and advance our work to preserve, protect, and promote these beautiful public lands.
At present, we can only interdict a small fraction of known maritime drug shipments. This is no way to respond to the crisis facing our communities – we need to improve this capability, so we can better respond to drug trafficking and save lives.
Hard-hitting (and accurate) reporting from @burgessev �
Congratulations to Gabriel Frey, a Passamaquoddy basketmaker from Orono who recently received a United States Artist fellowship! Glad to see this recognition for your talent and dedication to continuing this important tradition.
This contract reflects the @USNavy's ongoing confidence in BIW to continue to support our national defense and deliver the world’s most advanced warships. It’s clear that they know ‘Bath Built is Best Built’ – more via @Mainebiz:
By helping Maine people in recovery and those who are reentering society after incarceration, Margo is doing vital work on two of the most important issues facing Maine today: the opioid epidemic and our workforce shortage. Read more about their efforts:
A pleasure to bring Margo Walsh, the founder of MaineWorks, as my guest to the #StateoftheUnion! Margo and her team at MaineWorks do incredible work every day to help Maine people facing personal struggles find economic stability and get their lives back on track.
Lobstermen, processors, and dealers did not ask for this trade war with China, and their livelihoods should not be threatened because of it. The president must end this and make a deal that’s fair for the lobster industry.
This was extremely concerning. We’re dealing with complex issues, and we shouldn’t be making massive shifts in national security policy without input from our military leaders. We can’t just make these important decisions based on feelings – we need facts.
This morning, I asked Gen. Joseph Votel, the Commander of U.S. Central Command, if he was aware of the President’s plan to withdraw troops from Syria prior to the WH announcement. His answer? “I was not consulted.”
Happening now: I’m in studio with the @Morning_Joe team!
That’s why I’ve joined @JimInhofe and @ChrisCoons to introduce the CIVICS Act, which supports  the development of Constitution and civics education curriculum for students across the country. Read more:
If future generations are to carry on the work of so many before them and strive to build a more perfect union, they need to know our history – including our Constitution, which has guided America’s government and ideals for nearly 250 years.
A pleasure to talk with @samanthayorkME this morning about a topic that affects the way Maine people conduct business, pursue education, connect with their communities and more. Watch the segment later this month on @newscentermaine!
Flora the pup knows the Pats are #StillHere. Catch her in the Puppy Bowl before the big game tonight, and then tune in to cheer for the @Patriots!
There could not be a better, more hardworking person than Senator Carl Levin to serve as the namesake of this great ship from this great shipyard.
It was an honor to join @secnav76, the Maine delegation, BIW shipbuilders, former Senator Carl Levin and his family for the keel laying of the USS Carl M. Levin today.
Getting ready to talk with @chrislhayes on @MSNBC about the vital work conducted by our intelligence agencies, and the needless harm done by the President's recent comments questioning their assessments.
The Intelligence Community plays a critical part in the defense of our nation. This afternoon, I spoke on the Senate floor to emphasize that their contributions – and their conclusions – cannot and must not be ignored. WATCH:
The Intelligence Community plays a critical part in the defense of our nation. Their contributions – and their conclusions – cannot and must not be ignored. I'll go to the Senate floor soon to discuss the vital work of these public servants. Watch live:
Thanks to @secnav76 for recognizing the important role Maine’s servicemembers and veterans have played in defense of our nation #mepolitics
Today, the @USNavy announced it will name LCS 34 the USS Augusta in honor of the Maine state capital the generations of Maine people who have served in uniform worked in our state’s shipyards.
Great to visit with folks from the Maine School Board Association in DC yesterday and discuss their work to provide quality education for Maine’s students. The leadership and dedication of these school boards is vital to Maine's future – we’re all so grateful for their efforts.
RT @NewDay: President Trump contradicting intel chiefs “harms our ability to defend ourselves because he’s telling the American people we h…
This morning, I’ll be on @NewDay at ~ 8:15. Hope you can watch!
Huawei is trying to be both a worldwide telecommunications firm and an agent of the Chinese government. As I said during today’s Intelligence Committee hearing, it can’t be both – the global market needs to hold Huawei accountable.
Deep fake technology lets bad actors edit videos to show someone – i.e. political candidates – saying or doing something they never said or did. Today I pressed FBI Director Wray to make sure our policies keep pace with the magnitude of this threat to our democracy.
RT @nakashimae: @SenAngusKing at worldwide threats briefing asserts: "On Huawei, it seems to me they have to decide they are either going t…
I’ll be questioning top intelligence officials later this morning on the threats facing our nation and the best ways to defend us. WATCH LIVE: 
For more than a month, hundreds of thousands of public servants went without pay. They were collateral damage in an unrelated policy debate – they didn’t deserve this hardship. We should act immediately to give them their back pay and make them whole.
Our energy grid is more vulnerable than any of us like to acknowledge, so we need to step up our cybersecurity efforts. Happy to talk with @tteminWFED from @FederalNewsNet about my legislation with @SenatorRisch that will protect our power infrastructure.
On this month’s edition of Inside Maine, I was joined by Sen. @TimKaine and @FeedingMaine President Kristen Miale to discuss the unnecessary partial government shutdown and the impact it had on people in Maine, Virginia, and across the country. LISTEN:
Today’s agreement is a relief for federal workers and for the American people. I’m ready to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to strengthen our border security in the most cost-effective fashion without another unnecessary and painful shutdown.
When we talk about the shutdown, we’re not talking about some abstract policy disagreement – we’re talking about people’s lives. Last night on @AC360 I discussed the on-the-ground impact of this shutdown and our bipartisan efforts to reopen the government.
A view of the Capitol this morning beautifully lit from the east. If only the quality of our work matched these magnificent surroundings. For more of my thoughts on this unnecessary and harmful shutdown, read here:
I want to be very clear: I support increased border security, and I think there’s a solution to be had that works for the President, Congress, and the American people. But we can’t have this discussion with a shutdown hanging over our head. To start, let's open the government.
To these local banks, credit unions, and all others who’ve stepped up to help the workers who are hurting: thank you. You are the reason that Maine is such a special place to live. And I’ll keep working to make your spirit a little more common in Washington.
Amidst this ridiculous and painful shutdown, we’ve seen the Maine spirit shine through as community members support those in need. One important example: our financial institutions, who have offered low- or no-interest loans to affected federal workers.
Heartened to see Maine people like Michele Richardson step up for her community during hard times, but even more discouraged that the President’s strategy (or lack thereof) has led us to this point. Let’s open the government and pay our public servants.
Glad to connect with @KyleMidura to talk to Maine people about how to end this senseless shutdown while maintaining strong border security. We also discussed the votes the Senate will take tomorrow that can re-open the government. Look for it on @WABI_TV5 @WAGMtv8 tonight.
A solution for the H-2B visa program requires all hands on deck – today I joined @SenThomTillis, @ChelliePingree, @RepAndyHarrisMD and 123 bipartisan Members of Congress to urge congressional leadership to provide H-2B visa cap relief that businesses in Maine rely on.
Congress’ first priority must be getting federal employees back to work – let’s reopen the government and then invest the time and energy together to find a bipartisan, cost-effective approach to border security. Watch my remarks on @NewDay this morning:
Heads up: I’ll be on @NewDay on CNN next, hope you can tune in!
That provision is one of the important steps we can take to help fight back and protect our most vulnerable, but we can't stop there. I spoke with the folks at @PineTreeWatchME about this bill, and how to combat the opioid crisis in Maine’s communities:
Thankfully, help is on the way. The Senate passed bipartisan opioid legislation in October with provisions like the CRIB Act – which I introduced – to allow Medicaid to cover babies with neonatal abstinence syndrome in pediatric recovery centers.
The opioid epidemic spares no one, not even our newborns. There are hospitals in rural Maine where 10, 12 or 15 percent of the babies were born with addicted to opioids – an absolutely heartbreaking statistic that must be addressed.
Another example of this government shutdown hurting Maine people – this time, our state’s disabled community. This needs to end – let’s reopen the government.
To watch the full version of 2013 remarks, click here:
On August 28, 1963, I attended the March on Washington where Dr. King delivered his historic #IHaveaDream speech to 250,000 people. Fifty years later, in 2013, I was humbled to return to that spot and honor Dr. King’s legacy.
Today, we celebrate the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. – a scholar, activist, minister, and leader. Dr. King's message mobilized the masses to meet hate with love, to understand rather than vilify, and to choose hope over despair. #MartinLutherKingJrDay
Heartbroken to learn of the loss of Jonathan Farmer, Bowdoin Class of 2003. Mary and I are grieving for his family, his friends, and the entire Brunswick community.
Happy to announce that @MatthewFelling has joined my team as Communications Director. A former print/radio/TV/digital journalist and experienced communications professional, Matthew brings years of knowledge and creativity to our team. I'm proud to welcome him to our office!
Contractor employees work hand-in-hand with federal employees, and don’t deserve to be caught up in this reckless and avoidable shutdown. As I’ve said before: ultimately, the best way to help these men and women is to reopen the government – and we must do so immediately.
Federal contractor employees are not responsible for this shutdown, and they should not be punished for it. That’s why I’m cosponsoring the Fair Compensation for Low-Wage Contractor Employees Act. More, via @Mainebiz:
Anyone from Maine will tell you that our winters are unique….but this is new one! A fun *twist* on the Presumpscot River’s usual ice.
The government shutdown is hurting Maine people across our state – including our U.S. Coast Guard personnel and their families. They don’t deserve to bear the brunt of an unrelated policy demand. Let’s reopen the government now and let these public servants get back to work.
Spot on from @PressHerald – in order for Maine communities to thrive, families need access to affordable childcare. That’s why in the coming weeks I will re-introduce the PACE Act, which would update the tax code to reflect the rising costs of childcare.
UPDATE: Due to changes in the Senate schedule, Senator King will not be speaking on the Senate floor at his designated time.
At 11:45, I’ll go to the Senate floor to highlight the impact that the government shutdown is having on Maine people – particularly, our state’s U.S. Coast Guard personnel and families . You can watch live on my Facebook page: #mepolitics
Congratulations to @JessicaGagneTV, a Biddeford native who earlier this week was the first woman to be named Maine Sportscaster of the Year, and @MikeLowePPH, a staple of Maine’s sports journalism scene who was named Maine Sportswriter of the year for the 3rd time!
From high school sports to collegiate athletics to professional teams, sports bring Maine communities together – thanks not only to the achievements of the athletes, but also the talent and dedication of those who tell the stories.
To Heidi, and all the families across Maine struggling as a result of this government shutdown: you deserve so much better. Your livelihoods and your families aren’t bargaining chips. We must reopen the government now so we can fulfill our commitment to these public servants.
“Several people have offered help,” Heidi said. “But to be in this position in our lives and have to ask for money, I feel like it hits your dignity.”
In recent weeks, thousands of Maine people have reached out to my office to share their concern about the ongoing government shutdown and its impact on communities across our state. Here is my response to these constituents:
HAPPENING SOON: I’ll be on the Senate floor to discuss the impact the government shutdown is having on Maine people. Watch Live HERE:
But it must be noted that on #NationalLawEnforcementAppreciationDay, some federal law enforcement professionals are working without a paycheck. This shouldn't just be a hashtag – if we want to honor law enforcement, let’s start by reopening the government and paying them.
Maine’s law enforcement officers make a daily choice to put their lives on the line, serve the public, and keep our communities safe. On #NationalLawEnforcementAppreciationDay we show support for the men and women who work to protect us and those we love.
RT @TheBeatWithAri: Trump "keeps talking about something called 'the wall' but we don't really know what he wants""A typical construction…
Maine’s rural economy must remain a top priority so we can protect good jobs and bring continued investment to our rural areas so people can live, work, and succeed in their communities.
My office stands ready to assist in any way we can to ensure that affected workers are provided with the help they need in this time of uncertainty.
The closing of the Barclays facility in Wilton is devastating news for the hundreds of hardworking Maine employees. It is devastating for their families, devastating for the town of Wilton, and devastating for our state.
I'm up next on @TheBeatWithAri -- tune in!
I got to work early this morning and spent a quiet moment in one of the most inspiring interior spaces on earth—the great rotunda of the Capitol—and discovered something I’d never noticed before.
RT @WGANNews: @SenAngusKing is joining us at 8:08 to go over the government shutdown.
Heads Up: I’ll be on @NPR this morning. Hope you can tune in!
TUNE IN: Coming up, I’ll be in studio on @NewDay.
This morning, I’ll be talking with @Morning_Joe — hope you can watch!
Last month, the Senate passed my resolution honoring the 75th anniversary of the U.S. Cadet Nurse Corps. During WWII, the Cadet Nurse Corps was essential to the health well-being of servicemembers American citizens at home abroad. Proud to recognize their service.
Congress has six bipartisan appropriations bills that we can pass to reopen nearly all of the affected government agencies, and we can pass a short-term CR to allow DHS to function during negotiations. Let’s pass them, and let federal employees get back to work for Maine people.
And it’s not just businesses – Calais resident Ashley Hinson lost out on a home purchase because the shutdown prevented her loan paperwork from being finalized by the Department of Agriculture.
Every day this partial shutdown continues, Maine people are being hurt. In Hancock, the Sullivan Harbor Farm has been forced to remain closed while awaiting final FDA approval – meaning that the business’s employees can’t collect a paycheck:
RT @SenatorCollins: Congratulations to my colleague @SenAngusKing who was sworn into a second term today. I was honored to join the traditi…
Over these next six years I’ll do exactly that by working every single day to expand on the good work that Maine people are doing for our state, and to build consensus so we can find real solutions to national challenges. #mepolitics
Maine people want their elected officials to come together and find solutions on the issues we all face, from ensuring access to healthcare to stemming the opioid epidemic to creating new economic opportunities. #mepolitics
Washington’s actions need to reflect Maine’s priorities – but as the ongoing shutdown shows, far too often our leaders miss the mark. #mepolitics
Six years ago, the people of Maine placed their faith in me to go to the Senate and try to make their lives better; today, I’m humbled by the trust they’ve given me to continue the work we started together. #mepolitics
You know you’re a Mainer when you tweet this in the winter!
From my family to yours, wishing you a Merry Christmas surrounded by loved ones, and a happy and healthy new year!
Day in and day out, the men and women of BIW make important contributions to national security by building the best ships in the world. This new contract will allow them to continue to do what they do best, and ensures a stable workload at BIW for years to come.
The loss of Jim Mattis’s voice is a loss for the American people. My full statement on his departure:
This bill is an important step in the right direction, it’s bipartisan, and it’s commonsense – and hopefully, it will become law very soon. To learn more about the #BSG bill, read here:
Sometimes complex problems have simple answers, and that’s what this bill does. By simplifying and isolating critical pieces of infrastructure that help run our grid, economy, health care system and more, we can defend against crippling attacks.
For years, bad actors have been testing American systems for weaknesses, and over time their incursions have grown more sophisticated and more threatening. But even as the danger becomes more clear, our government response has been lacking.
Major progress to protect America’s national security overnight! Last night, the Senate passed the Securing Energy Infrastructure Act, my bill with @SenatorRisch that will help reduce digital vulnerabilities in our energy grid and protect our vital infrastructure from hackers.
That’s why I’ve joined with @SenRobPortman, @SenAlexander, and @MarkWarner to introduce the Restore Our Parks Act, which would address the maintenance backlog in a fiscally responsible way. It’s bipartisan, and it’s necessary– so let’s pass it.
Our national parks reflect the national promise we’ve made to our children and grandchildren: to protect and maintain this world so that future generations may enjoy its beauty. Unfortunately, we have a lot of work to do if we’re going to live up to our responsibility.
Our criminal justice system isn’t working; not for those who spend decades in prison for nonviolent offenses, not for law enforcement officers, and not for taxpayers. We can create a better criminal justice system for all Americans, and last night we took the first step.
Bipartisanship on display last night – by a vote of 87-12, the Senate overwhelmingly passed long-needed reforms to our criminal justice system that will make communities safer, prepare inmates to be productive members of society, and save taxpayer money.
Anything I have achieved in my public life has been in many ways attributable to the work of Kay Rand, my longtime chief of staff, advisor, and friend who will be returning to Maine full-time in 2019. #mepolitics
Throughout my career in public service, I’ve had the good fortune to work with some incredible people – but Kay Rand, my longtime chief of staff, is in a class of her own. Watch live, as I speak on the Senate floor to honor my dear friend.
A pleasure to join @SenToddYoung at @postlive this morning to discuss ways to prepare for the economy of the future – particularly the importance of high-speed broadband, which would allow rural Maine communities to compete in the global marketplace. #mepolitics
RT @postlive: @SenAngusKing joins @SenToddYoung to discuss legislating the #futureofwork Tweet your questions using #PostLive
Rural Maine people need the internet just as much as anyone else – to pursue economic opportunities, further their education, and connect with their friends and loved ones. I’ll keep working to make sure we take every step possible to close the digital divide.
High-speed internet isn’t a luxury – it’s an important tool for Maine’s farmers, and a necessity for rural communities looking to grow economically. That’s why I pushed to include legislation helping to expand rural broadband in this year's Farm Bill.
“Rita Achiro sings about hope and peace because she can, and because so many others can’t.” A beautiful story from @RayRouthier in the @PressHerald, shining a light on this group before their performance UN General Assembly.
Yesterday’s Texas court ruling on the ACA was extremely concerning, but it WILL NOT impact ACA plans for 2019. Today is the LAST day to sign up for coverage — don’t wait, sign up right now at or reach out to @MaineCAHC ! #mepolitics
Immigrants make so many important contributions to communities throughout Maine; I'm thankful to all of the immigrants and advocates who shared their voice with me today, and I’ll keep fighting on their behalf.
382 years of service – happy birthday, @USNationalGuard, and thank you for all you do to keep us safe! #Guard382
