All of this and more is why I reintroduced a resolution in the Senate to honor and recognize the work of Native women throughout our history and into today. Let’s recommit to providing safety and support to Native women, and working hard to lift the barriers they face.
I'm blown away by groups like @tewawomenunited, a tribal network of women working tirelessly to support Native women girls. They are inspiring— I recommend this piece in @voguemagazine where you can hear straight from them about their incredible work.  
Today is #InternationalWomensDay, a chance to celebrate women around the world and of course, right here at home. So often, the work and contributions of Native women go overlooked. We should honor them each and every day, and today I want to highlight some of the reasons why.
I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to put aside cynical politics and work on common sense legislation that will uproot corruption and strengthen our democracy. Democracy is supposed to be #ForThePeople— and that’s who we’re giving it back to.
Historic news: the U.S. House just passed #HR1, taking a major step toward taking control of our government out of the hands of big money and special interests—and returning it to the people. I'm excited to introduce our companion bill soon and push to pass it in the Senate.
Real people are getting hurt. Just ask student borrowers in New Mexico, which has the 2nd highest student loan default rate in the country.  Our bill is badly needed to protect these borrowers, and restore the independence and effectiveness of the CFPB's student loan watchdog.
Yesterday, the @CFPB’s former student loan watchdog testified before Congress.  He said the @CFPB's leadership "has engaged in costly vanity exercises, while real people are getting hurt."
The Trump admin. is failing student loan borrowers—deliberately undermining the top student loan watchdog at the @CFPB.I’ve intro'd legislation w/ @SenWarren @SenSherrodBrown to protect borrowers ensure the independence and effectiveness of the CFPB Student Loan Ombudsman.
Well, this headline says it all: K St. lobbyists are scared of our #ForThePeople Act— scared of a government that answers to the people and not pocketbooks. Sounds like our bill is on the right path.
54 years ago today, law enforcement in Selma, AL attacked peaceful protestors, who were bravely marching for the right to vote— a fundamental right in our democratic system. We must remember those marchers' courage as we fight to strengthen voting rights and fix our democracy.
RT @ddiamond: New: Senate Democrats want HHS to explain why resources to help Native Americans sign up for Affordable Care Act coverage hav…
WATCH LIVE: I’m on the Senate Floor to discuss my #ForThePeople legislation, which will fix our broken system and return our democracy to the people:
RT @PaulBlu: Sen. Tom Udall will discuss his companion legislation for HR 1 on the floor of the Senate this evening at 530.
Too many in New Mexico don’t have the broadband access they need in the 21st century. Instead of attacking the open internet, we should be working to expand high speed broadband for all Americans.
We are powering forward in the fight to protect #NetNeutrality. I’m joining my colleagues in introducing a bill to #SaveTheNet because the internet should be open and free for all Americans.
The only conversation we should have about #ClimateChange is about how we’ll act on it. @SenateGOP needs to join that discussion instead of wasting time ignoring this massive threat to our nation and our world.
Chad Readler filed a Trump admin brief arguing AGAINST protections for preexisting conditions. The next day, @POTUS nominated him to be a federal judge. Now the Senate will vote on his nomination. A vote for him is a vote against any American who has preexisting conditions.
RT @SenatorDurbin: The Trump Administration is barreling towards war with Iran. My op-ed with @SenatorTomUdall:
We need to think big and invest in the future of New Mexico’s children. I applaud @GovMLG for continuing this fight for crucial investments to transform early childhood education in NM.Let’s let New Mexicans vote on the constitutional amdmt for early childhood education. #nmleg
TUNE IN: I’ll be talking with @jaketapper on @TheLeadCNN alongside @RandPaul in a few minutes. We’re discussing our bill to end the war in Afghanistan and bring our brave troops home.
RT @mileskathleen: “Sixteen years after the U.S. invaded Iraq, we are again barreling toward another unnecessary conflict in the Middle Eas…
On Iran, the Trump administration is pulling straight from the failed Iraq war playbook—once again barreling us toward an unnecessary war in the Middle East. Read me @SenatorDurbin on why Congress must act so we don't repeat the mistakes of the past ️
Today, I had the chance to talk about the #CREATE Act at @Americans4Arts #artsadvocacy day. I will continue to fight for strong resources that foster New Mexico's creative economy through bills like this and my work on @SenateApprops.
Artists and creative entrepreneurs make up the heart and soul of New Mexico. They should be able to access the resources that they need, which is why I’ve introduced the CREATE Act with @RepDebDingell to expand arts opportunities across our country. #artsadvocacy
Today, I’m introducing bipartisan legislation with @RandPaul to end the war in Afghanistan. Congress needs to exert its authority to bring our brave troops home after a job well done. A never-ending war is not in our national interests.
The Senate must pass our resolution to terminate the president's national emergency declaration. I encourage more Republicans to stand up show the American people where they stand on this issue. No president should be able to go around Congress spend taxpayer money at will.
Heartbreaking to see the loss of life and devastation from tornadoes in Alabama. I’m sending all my sympathies to the victims and their families, and my thanks to the brave first responders.
In last week’s @SenateDems weekly address, I spoke about my bipartisan resolution to end the president’s unconstitutional emergency declaration. We cannot allow any president to take us down a dangerous path, cutting out the role of Congress and ransacking critical funds at will.
A majority of the Senate--Republicans and Democrats--support my resolution to terminate the president's national emergency declaration. We have a historic opportunity to stand up, on behalf of the American people, for the separation of powers our Constitution.
I am humbled and honored to join our hero @repjohnlewis for the #FPICivilRights pilgrimage. We are walking in the footsteps of giants--men women who marched, bled, and even gave their lives to bring this nation closer to its ideals. Their work must be our work today.
RT @SenateDems: Congress has a historic opportunity to vote on a joint resolution to terminate this unlawful national emergency declaration…
This isn't just about understanding how many people live in our country. This is about making sure communities get all the resources they need to thrive, and that relies on an accurate count. We need to fund and support the 2020 census effort, and we need to work on this now.
229 years our nation authorized the first census. Fast forward to today, and it has become one of our most important tools for determining how federal funds are distributed. I'm working hard to make sure every single New Mexican gets counted in the 2020 census.
NM families shouldn’t have to choose between going to work or paying for childcare. @PattyMurray's Childcare for Working Families Act would ensure every working family— no matter their income— access to high-quality services to help families and their children grow and thrive.
As a senator from a proud border state, I can tell you that there is no national security emergency at our border. The president’s rhetoric doesn’t match reality and his emergency declaration is unlawful.I've introduced a bipartisan resolution to END @POTUS' declaration.
RT @tictoc: “I’m here to tell you as a border senator, there is no actual national security emergency at our southern border necessitating…
Very proud that my amendment preserving critical farmworker protections finally passed Congress. This will safeguard hundreds of thousands of children— it was a battle worth fighting.
I urge every senator to support our bipartisan resolution terminating the president’s unlawful national emergency declaration. We must uphold our oath to protect the Constitution— no matter which party we’re in.
Let’s be clear: voting down this power grab isn’t about where you stand on the wall. It’s about where you stand on the Constitution. We have to stand up to this blatant attempt to raid critical defense dollars for a pet project. We need to end this phony national emergency.
When we were sworn into Congress, we didn’t swear an oath to one party or person. We swore an oath to uphold the Constitution. And that’s why we need to vote to end this emergency declaration.
This isn’t a political issue.  The president's emergency declaration is testing whether we're going to lie down and set this dangerous precedent— where any president can raid taxpayer money without the consent of Congress.  We can't go down that path.
I've introduced a bipartisan resolution with @SenatorCollins, @SenatorShaheen, and @lisamurkowski to END the president's unconstitutional national emergency declaration.  This is a historic opportunity to stand up for the Constitution, and for the separation of powers.
RT @ABC: NEW: Sen. Udall introduces bipartisan resolution "to terminate the president's declaration of a national emergency to build his bo…
WATCH LIVE: I’m on the Senate Floor right now with @SenatorCollins announcing a bipartisan resolution to terminate the president’s unconstitutional emergency declaration.
WATCH LIVE: I’m on the Senate floor to talk about why Andrew Wheeler’s nomination to lead the EPA puts the American public at risk.
Andrew Wheeler should not lead @EPA. Throughout his career, he’s advocated for measures that pollute our air and water, hurt public health, and will do long-term economic damage. And his record on climate change is simply disqualifying. That’s why I’m voting NO.
Excited to see the House pass our lands package that is going to protect 275,000 more acres of land in New Mexico, reauthorize #LWCF do so much more to ensure our state’s precious public lands can flourish for generations to come.
Mr. Miller has a history of advocating against Tribal interests. He is going to preside over a jurisdiction that has 427 Tribal nations. He should have been asked about his troubling record on Native issues, in a real hearing. But he wasn't. I voted NO on his confirmation.
Eric Miller's nomination came to the floor after a 30-minute hearing, which took place with no Democrats present, during a recess week.His nomination is the first in a century to override the opposition of both home-state senators.These are major abuses of Senate process.
Glad to see the House do the right thing and take a bipartisan vote to terminate the president's unconstitutional emergency declaration. The Senate must do the same.
The American people are tired of the status quo where corruption runs rampant and secret money floods elections. That's why I’m introducing a major reform package soon, to return our democracy to the people.
WATCH LIVE: We’re calling for bipartisan action to block this unlawful emergency declaration. We need to defend the Constitution, protect the separation of powers and safeguard Congress’ role as a co-equal branch of government.
If this so-called emergency is allowed to stand, it will set a dangerous precedent for future presidents to ransack taxpayer-funded programs for their own pet projects just because they don’t agree with the budget set forth by Congress. That’s not how our Constitution works.
Today, the House will vote to stop the president’s unconstitutional emergency declaration. The Senate must do the same. We cannot allow this dangerous power grab to stand.
Even the president doesn’t really think it’s an emergency. After all, he said it loud and clear: “I didn’t have to do this.” Unfortunately, he did.  Now the ball is in Congress’ court. Are we still a co-equal branch? Let’s show it.
I’m also encouraged to see a bipartisan group of 58 former senior national security officials going public to tell Congress and the American people there's no basis for the declaration.
Heartened to see Republican former members of Congress agree— 23 of them wrote a letter urging congressional Republicans to terminate this national emergency and stand up for the Constitution.
This national emergency declaration is an unconstitutional power grab to raid military funding to pay for a wall that Congress rejected. Republicans and Democrats in Congress should unite against it, because regardless of party, we are a co-equal branch of government.
Senate internships are an opportunity for the next generation of leaders to experience the inner workings day-to-day operations of a Congressional office. My D.C. and New Mexico offices are accepting applications for summer internships— learn more here:
Glad to see the NM House of Representatives aim high and pass HJR1, the constitutional amendment for early childhood. They sent a clear signal to New Mexico children and families that we are ready to invest in their future.
I’m so proud of the $50 million in funding @MartinHeinrich, @repbenraylujan I secured for the #SouthwestChief in the latest spending bill. We will keep the Chief running so riders from across the country can continue to experience this all-American journey from East to West.
When I first came to Congress, I began my journey on the #SouthwestChief � so I know the important role it plays in communities big small along its route, in NM beyond. That’s why I’ve been fighting so hard to save it— and we got a big win this week.
This week, as @NCAI1944 convened in Washington, I got to have some great meetings with NM's Tribal leaders. We discussed their priorities and everything I can do to support them as the top Democrat on @IndianCommittee. Always so great to meet with these incredible leaders.

I’m leading legislation with @MartinHeinrich to block @POTUS from using an emergency declaration to raid billions in critical taxpayer funds for his wasteful border wall.Congress must assert its role as a coequal branch of government and pass this legislation.
Today I spoke with @LULAC as we celebrated their 90th anniversary. I’m thankful for @LULAC’s legacy of defending the rights of all Latinos, and I know we will continue partnering to making tech innovation accessible to our Latino communities. We must end the #digitaldivide.
If the president tries to use an emergency declaration to raid critical funds— funds meant for disaster recovery military base construction – Congress MUST stand up to him. We need the RAIDER Act to make sure he can't raid taxpayer funds for billions for a border wall.
Seems like the @EPA doesn’t waste any time when it comes to reducing regulations to help corporate polluters, but when it’s time to go after those causing real harm to everyday Americans, they’ve once again dropped the ball.
The @EPA put out an "action plan" to address #PFAS contamination in drinking water, but it doesn’t include an actual drinking water standard for these dangerous chemicals— which it must. The EPA is delaying that decision for a year or more.  New Mexicans can’t wait that long.
In the year since 17 people died in the Parkland shooting, 1200 more children have lost their lives to guns. No child in New Mexico or anywhere should be afraid to go to school. Today, let's pledge to end the violence. And that means action in Congress.
I am voting NO on William Barr's nomination for Attorney General. After studying his record, I am afraid he will double down on many of the president’s worst policies and hesitate to stand up against attempts to circumvent the law to protect the president’s personal interests.
The historic public lands bill we passed yesterday is going to make a big difference in New Mexico. We're not only preserving our treasured outdoor spaces— we're investing in one of NM's key economic drivers.
Nominees who can’t answer basic questions about the law. Nominees to be trial judges who have never tried a case. Exec nominees with serious conflicts of interest. Nominees who withdrew in scandal. We do need to fix the nomination process. @SenateGOP's proposal doesn't do that.
Today @SenateGOP moved to change the Senate rules— without any hearings— to make judicial exec nominations go through even faster. But they're ignoring the real heart of the current problem: @POTUS is sending us radical unqualified nominees leaving many positions vacant.
Historic: we just secured the largest new wilderness addition in New Mexico since 1980 — more than 270,000 acres. This is going to make a huge difference in protecting special places like Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks and Rio Grande Del Norte.
In 2017, my friend John McCain I first introduced the 21st Century Conservation Service Corps Act— today, it passed the Senate. Proud to carry on his legacy with a bill to inspire a new generation of conservation leaders through public service while enhancing our public spaces.
We just passed a major bill to protect #PublicLands. We secured some big wins for NM, including the permanent reauthorization of the #LWCF.  I'm so proud to carry on my father Stewart Udall's legacy, by enacting permanent #LWCF to safeguard our outdoors for future generations.
Congress is a coequal branch of government. So for @POTUS to overrule the will of Congress— and the people— to raid money put aside for disaster recovery and military bases would be unheard of. That’s why I’ve introduced legislation to stop him.
The #FamilyAct would guarantee paid leave, so New Mexicans could care for family members who might need it— newborns to grandparents. On top of that, it would boost our economy, cover protect all working people improve workplace equity. There’s no good reason not to pass it.
#PaidLeave would be a game-changer in New Mexico. 65% of NM households have two parents with paying jobs— that means they're often forced to choose between a paycheck and their families. That’s unacceptable. That’s why I’m cosponsoring the #FAMILYAct.
It was an honor to address @NCAI1944 this morning. I’m committed to fighting for Indian Country’s priorities— from ensuring equal access to the ballot box, to supporting Native-owned businesses, revitalizing Indigenous languages and empowering Tribes to ensure public safety.
During the #TrumpShutdown, everyday Americans suffered without paychecks and vital government services. All because @POTUS decided to hold the government hostage.We cannot let this happen again. A shutdown should not be on the
New Mexico's public lands are key to our economy, a beautiful part of our landscape and one of the reasons they call us the Land of Enchantment. Bipartisan #PublicLands legislation before the Senate would protect these outdoor spaces. Let’s pass it.
New Mexicans stepped up to take care of federal workers and our precious outdoor spaces during the #TrumpShutdown.  But we must not put NM communities in harm’s way again with another shutdown.
Some places are just too special to lose. BLM did the right thing delaying lease sales near sacred fragile land at #Chaco. But now, the admin. should take the next step and stop leasing in this area, so that Tribal public concerns can be fully heard.
Sustaining our national parks public lands is an issue most Americans can get behind— that's why we need to stand up against the Trump administration's baseless attacks on our outdoor spaces and protect #MonumentsForAll
I had the chance to meet with some bright students and the dedicated presidents of New Mexico’s Tribal Colleges and Universities for #tribalcollegeweek here on the Hill. I’m proud to fight for TCU resources and support the important work they do.
John Dingell was a giant of the Congress, and he brought uncommon compassion, dedication, and good humor to his decades of public service. Jill and I are thinking of @RepDebDingell at this sad time.
National monuments protected public lands:-Fuel an $887 billion outdoor recreation economy-Sustain 7.6 million jobs across the country-Create billions in tax revenue-Get millions of visitors each year-Play a key role in our national community identities#MonumentsForAll
New Mexico's great outdoors are key to our identity, heritage, economy—after all, it’s why they call us the Land of Enchantment. I'm proud to lead the ANTIQUITIES Act with @RepDebHaaland to stand up for our public lands, and the communities that cherish them. #MonumentsForAll
Public lands belong in public hands— not in the hands of the highest bidder. RT if you agree.
Today, I’m leading over 100 members of Congress in introducing the ANTIQUITIES Act of 2019. The Trump administration’s attacks on our national monuments are illegal. We need to protect our cherished public lands and our nation's bipartisan conservation legacy. #MonumentsForAll
One thing @POTUS made clear last night in his #SOTU: His administration will keep ignoring what the people actually want in order to give big money donors lobbyists a leg up.We must pass #ForThePeople legislation to fix our democracy and return it to the American people.
WATCH LIVE: I’m on the Senate floor talking about how important it is that we protect our nation’s treasured outdoor spaces, and about major conservation victories we secured for New Mexico in the Senate’s public lands package:
We continue to uncover disturbing revelations about the Trump admin's family separation policy. I stand with New Mexicans in condemning this policy, carried out with sheer cruelty and incompetence. I'm co-sponsoring the Keep Families Together Act to stop this inhumane practice.
The president’s appeals to unity rang hollow, because he insists on sowing hatred, fear, and division – with rhetoric demonizing immigrants and spreading misinformation about our border.
After dragging us through the longest shutdown in American history, @POTUS seems committed to the same destructive tactics that caused 35 days of pain and fear for families across New Mexico and the country. #SOTU
On my way to the #SOTU with Navajo Nation President Nez. He comes to Washington with so many stories of how the #TrumpShutdown disrupted critical health safety services in Native communities— stories we must keep in mind as we consider the current state of our union.
.@EPA must take the threat of PFOS PFAS seriously. @MartinHeinrich I wrote @EPAAWheeler to say as much, but reading about their pick to handle this issue is deeply disconcerting. EPA leadership should serve the people, not billionaires corporations.
The Trump admin. is refusing to reunite families they’ve ripped apart, calling it a “burden." In tonight's #SOTU, is @POTUS going to take responsibility for the burden of lasting pain trauma his admin. has inflicted on these children their parents?
Proud that the President of the Navajo Nation, @NNPrezNez, will be my guest at the #SOTU tonight, sending a message to the Trump administration about the importance of our responsibilities to Tribal communities in New Mexico and across the country.
We do not need another Interior Secretary with a polluters over people agenda—who opens the door to corporate lobbyists donors while shutting out Native voices, the scientific community, the public. My full statement on David Bernhardt's nomination:
The #TrumpShutdown had devastating ripple effects throughout Native communities, and it's going to take a long time to get up running again. I've introduced legislation to make sure this breakdown in our trust treaty obligations never happens again.
.@WalterRubel is an exemplary journalist and trusted voice for Las Cruces. This is a sad day for @CrucesSunNews. More than ever, we need thriving local journalism to keep our communities informed democracy strong.
We're introducing the RAIDER Act to stop the president from using a national emergency declaration to raid disaster relief funds for his border wall.Congress is a co-equal branch of gov't. We can't let @POTUS go around us to build his wasteful wall.
During #BlackHistoryMonth, we celebrate the countless ways black Americans strengthen our nation. We honor black Americans’ enduring struggle for justice, and acknowledge how our nation still fails to live up to our ideals. We continue the march toward equality justice for all.
Our bills take much-needed action against the admin's out-of touch attacks: they would restore basic due process to eminent domain, protect sensitive wildlife areas from border barrier construction and subject Trump’s wall to the same laws that govern other federal projects.
As a border state senator, I can tell you: most New Mexicans don’t want the president’s wall, because it could cause irreparable damage to our border environment. @MartinHeinrich I are standing up for our state with bills to protect NM's landowners, wildlife way of life.
We've introduced major, bipartisan legislation to close gaps in current laws that have left Native children, sexual assault survivors, and Tribal police unprotected. Congress must pass these bills and provide Tribal governments with the tools they need to ensure public safety.
Proud to lead the full New Mexico delegation and re-introduce the #EstherMartinez Native American Languages Programs Reauthorization Act. This legislation honors Esther Martinez’s legacy and promotes Tribes’ work to maintain and revitalize Native languages.
Even during the gov't shutdown, the Trump Admin. moved forward with leasing for development near Chaco Canyon, without transparency.  #Chaco is a UNESCO world heritage site sacred to Tribes. Leases within 10 miles of Chaco should be halted to listen to public Native voices.
Hispanic women in New Mexico make 53 cents on the dollar, Native women 57, and black women 64. This inequity can’t stand, and I won’t stop fighting until everyone gets #EqualPay for equal work.
It's the 10th anniversary of the Lilly Ledbetter #FairPay Act— an important step, but we still have a lot of work to do. After all, in New Mexico, women make 84 cents for every $1 a man makes the numbers are even lower for women of color. #Ledbetter10
Great to see @GovMLG standing up for a cleaner future— and for New Mexicans’ way of life. Climate change is already hurting NM, and if the federal gov’t isn’t going to take action, states, communities, and businesses need to step up.
Glad we got @EPA to change course keep safeguards in place to protect farmworkers—including children—from pesticides. There's NO reason to weaken such rules. That’s why I fought for a bipartisan pesticide bill to protect them. Congress should pass it.
#HR1 makes sure billionaires can’t buy our elections anymore. If that worries @senatemajldr, maybe the bill isn’t the problem.
In the first @IndianCommittee hearing of the 116th Congress we got right to work, approving several bills, including the PROGRESS Act SURVIVE Act. These will improve self-governance public safety— two of Indian Country’s long term legislative priorities.
Proud to reintroduce #SavannasAct this Congress. This bipartisan legislation seeks justice for Native women who go missing experience violence at alarming rates— crimes that often go uninvestigated.We must pass this bill as a first step towards ending the violence. #MMIW
The #TrumpShutdown cost our country $11 billion— yes, billion. And $3 billion of that is gone forever. That's on top of the pain he caused so many hardworking families, which can't be counted in dollars. We can't allow @POTUS to do this ever again.
While communities across the U.S. rush to prep for a dangerous cold front, POTUS makes jokes about this potential disaster online.We know climate change contributes to extreme weather events. But sadly, the facts just don't matter to this president.
It’s a historic day as @HouseJudiciary begins hearings on #HR1, a bill that will end corruption and put the power of our democracy right back where it belongs: in the hands of the people.I’m leading this legislation in the Senate, because the system is broken. We must act.
Jill and I are sending our thoughts and condolences to the whole Saavedra family today— Rep. Saavedra was a dedicated leader who loved New Mexico and was a tireless advocate for the S. Valley. His legacy of unity and kindness won’t soon be forgotten.
Now that the shutdown is over, we need to make sure federal employees in #NM and across the country get their missed paychecks without delay.  We wrote #OPM’s @Weichert45 to stand up for these workers. They need to know when they're getting paid. And they need to be paid ASAP.
The #TrumpShutdown showed us why so many Americans believe their government doesn't answer to them. The voices of the people are being shut out.I'm leading a bold reform bill to root out corruption, fix our system, and give power back to the people.
Interrupting #SouthwestChief service would hurt local economies all along the route, and our communities can't afford that. @amtrak needs to work with communities from New Mexico to Kansas to make sure this engine of economic growth stays on track.
On Holocaust Remembrance Day, #WeRemember the millions of Jews other victims who were murdered, and we honor the survivors of such evil. Let us renew our vow to never stay silent in the face of hate, to fight antisemitism to care for the most vulnerable among us. #NeverAgain
Now that there is a path to re-opening the government, the president must face up to reality, drop his outrageous and wasteful wall demands, and support common-sense border security proposals so we can keep the government open long-term.
It shouldn’t have taken 35 days and a month of missed paychecks to end the #TrumpShutdown. In fact, this attempt at governance-by-extortion never should have happened.Now, we need to ensure every person hurt by the shutdown— in NM and across the country— is made whole.
RT @KFOX14: #NewMexico @SenatorTomUdall and @TeamHeinrich are fighting to ensure that federal workers don’t lose their vision and dental in…
Numbers don’t lie: people would rather have an open government than a wall. So why is the #TrumpShutdown still going on? @senatemajldr, do right by the American people. Work with us and open up the government.
Native communities didn’t ask for a #TrumpShutdown. But, as is often the case, they're among those hurt most. We must open the gov't now restore essential services, not only because it’s the right thing to do— failing to goes against the core of our trust treaty obligations.
With @IHSgov @USIndianAffairs shut down, Native communities are losing essential health safety services. I'm introducing legislation to ensure Tribes are protected in future shutdowns— because even when this ends, who knows if @POTUS will force another?
On my way to the Senate floor where I'll vote to end the #TrumpShutdown, with no conditions attached. Let's re-open the government, stop holding innocent people hostage, and then work to resolve our differences on border security immigration. It's as simple as that.
The #TrumpShutdown is taking public safety hostage, too.As @afa_cwa says: "we cannot even calculate the level of risk currently at play, nor predict the point at which the entire [air travel] system will break.”@SenateGOP: we need to end the shutdown right away. Work with us.
This week, hundreds of thousands of federal workers will miss their 2nd paycheck of the #TrumpShutdown, a crisis for most families. But ultra-wealthy members of the Trump administration are blind to the real, tragic impact this shutdown has on hardworking Americans.
The Polluter Pays principle is fundamental to environmental law. This lack of enforcement is alarming.And now @EPA is shut down, but the polluters aren’t. @EPAAWheeler must answer for what this means for our air and water, and ultimately, our future.
Time after time, the Trump @EPA puts polluters’ wallets over clean air and water for the American people. By failing to penalize polluters, they've once again shown a complete disregard both for their mission and for public health.
Honored to speak to the #NMLeg yesterday. As I said in my address, we are one state. We all have a stake in the prosperity of our communities. We all have a stake in the success of our children’s future. When we work together, we are capable of accomplishing so much more for NM.
This shutdown never should have happened in the first place—and it certainly shouldn't still be going on. The American people are hurting, and they can't afford to wait as @POTUS and @senatemajldr continue to stand in the way of a resolution.It's time to re-open the government.
-Day 28: Senator Lankford objects to ending the shutdown— on Senator McConnell's behalf.-Day 32: Senator McConnell objects to ending the shutdown.-Day 33: Senator McConnell objects to ending the shutdown.
-Day 22: #TrumpShutdown becomes the longest in history.-Day 25:  Senator McConnell objects to ending the shutdown. Twice.-Day 27:  Senator McConnell objects to ending the shutdown.
-Day 13: @HouseDemocrats pass spending bills to open the government.-Day 19: @POTUS walks out of meeting with congressional leadership.-Day 20: Senator McConnell objects to ending the shutdown. Twice.
-2 Days Before Shutdown: Senate UNANIMOUSLY passes spending bill @POTUS agreed to.-1 Day Before Shutdown: @POTUS changes his mind, decides to shut down the gov't, taking innocent people's livelihoods hostage.-Days 1-12: House Senate GOP refuse to vote to re-open government.
We're in the the longest government shutdown in American history. Families across New Mexico and the country are suffering.  But we didn't get here by accident. At every step of the way, @POTUS and @senatemajldr have blocked sensible efforts to re-open the gov't.  A timeline:
This cruel #TrumpShutdown never should have happened and needs to end. Senate Republicans should join with @SenateDems to pass a clean bill to re-open the government immediately.
The details of @POTUS' proposal show that it is even worse than it first looked.Not only does it waste billions in taxpayer money on an ineffective wall, but it also includes poison pill, anti-immigrant changes to current law--while not providing meaningful relief for Dreamers.
So @SenateMajLdr, please—let’s end the shutdown that never should have happened, and then we can work in good faith on smart border security. This is untenable it’s actively hurting hardworking Americans.It’s just wrong. End the #TrumpShutdown
We need to take a step back from the politics and look at the real, human impact of this shutdown. Yesterday I talked to some of the many New Mexicans who are hurting right now and let me tell you: this senseless shutdown needs to end immediately.
We must do all that we can – as representatives of the people – to strengthen the foundations of our democracy. To carefully tend to this garden. And to fulfill the bold promise our state and our country hold. #UdallNMLeg
We are one state. We all have a stake in our communities' prosperity. We all have a stake in our children’s future.  When we work together, we accomplish so much more than when we isolate ourselves within the walls of our own party. #UdallNMLeg
I hear from thousands of New Mexicans as I travel around the state. And they all want the same things – a livable wage. Accessible health care. A stronger state brighter future for our children. Even when we disagree, we are all committed to these same goals. #UdallNMLeg
New Mexico’s four military bases all serve critical national security missions. And we have made sure those missions continue — I am committed to the expansion and success of our bases. #UdallNMLeg
Our national laboratories military bases keep our nation secure. They're a cornerstone of our economy workforce. Los Alamos Sandia are at record funding levels. And we want to make sure clean up at LANL goes forward. #UdallNMLeg
New Mexicans want and deserve quality health care, but not enough have it. Just as we have worked to defend the #ACA, we need to fight challenges in our health system. And we must fight the opioid epidemic ravaging NM. We need to end the scourge of opioid addiction. #UdallNMLeg
As we work to vitalize our rural economy, we must think big. I am committed to closing the digital divide in rural NM across the nation. That’s why I have worked on grants and legislation to secure rural and tribal broadband. #UdallNMLeg
Acequias and land grants are so important to New Mexico. But they face red tape trying to access @USDA programs. We passed legislation to makes them directly eligible for assistance and funding. And we re-started the flow of funds to the Army Corps acequia program. #UdallNMLeg
As a senior member on @SenateApprops, I have a chance fight for funding that benefits our state. One of my priorities is our rural economy. I've worked on legislation to increase resources for farmers ranchers who are just getting started or looking to expand. #UdallNMLeg
In all I try accomplish for Indian Country, three principles guide me: respect for tribes’ pueblos’ sovereignty, promotion of self-determination federal government's obligation to engage in meaningful consultation whenever federal actions affect Indian Country. #UdallNMLeg
I have the privilege of serving as vice-chair of @IndianCommittee. Our state is proud to be home to one of the largest percentage of Native Americans in the nation. New Mexico has one of the richest diversity of cultures in the nation. #UdallNMLeg
The scientific consensus is clear. @IPCC_CH warns we have only 12 years to meet this challenge head on or we can’t reverse course.And on that note: we must protect public lands. They're essential to our identity and economy— public lands belong in public hands. #UdallNMLeg
NM feels climate change, and we need to fight drought and modernize water infrastructure. We can't meet 21st century challenges with 19th century infrastructure— so I've worked to nearly double the funding to rural water projects. #UdallNMLeg
I support immigration reform. Dreamers their families should be able to stay in our state communities. Families must be reunited. Inhumane immigration policies must end. New Mexico is a border state. I am making sure we are all heard in these debates. #UdallNMLeg
When the gov’t is open, we can debate negotiate in good faith. I support strong border security. But I want to see cost-effective locally appropriate measures. Not the president’s wall that won’t work, costs billions would stand as a symbol of division. #UdallNMLeg
The terrible gov’t shutdown impacts more than 10,000 NM federal employees,  and many contractors in our state. This shutdown is affecting real people, with real mortgages, real bills to pay, and real families to feed.   The cruelty of this shutdown must stop.  #UdallNMLeg
I’ve been working for years on comprehensive reform for our democracy. My #ForThePeople Act will rein in our campaign finance system, end gerrymandering set a high ethical bar for gov't officials.These measures are not red or blue.  They are red, white, and blue. #UdallNMLeg
Democracy depends on all citizens voting.Democracy depends on elected officials carrying out the people's will.Democracy depends on gov't officials working for the people, not their wallets.My #ForThePeople reform package will help return democracy to the people. #UdallNMLeg
Polls shows the people want affordable healthcare, good jobs, gun safety laws, measures to combat climate change humane immigration laws.  Yet, many in Congress the Executive only seem to hear the 1%. It’s no wonder trust in Congress is so low. #UdallNMLeg
Election season is over. It’s time to govern. New Mexicans are ready for action. Let’s deliver.Our democracy needs rebuilding revitalizing. There is a deep disconnect at the nat'l level between what the people want what their elected officials are giving them. #UdallNMLeg
I am honored to address the New Mexico State legislature today, at the start of a new year where bold action is imperative. Follow along using  #UdallNMLeg for updates. The speech is also streaming:
Today in ABQ, I stood with New Mexicans of all backgrounds, including:-federal employees-Tribal leaders-contractors-business owners-familieswho have been hurt by the #TrumpShutdown. Their stories are heartbreaking. This should never have happened, and it needs to end.
So thankful for the chance to address the 23rd MLK Community Commemorative Breakfast in ABQ today. A reminder that we can best honor Dr. King by continuing his work – to further equality, lift people out of poverty, and spread a message of peace.
Today, we must recommit to fighting injustice standing up for the values Dr. King worked for— the same values that define New Mexico. Love, understanding, and kindness are the keys to creating a better future for our state and our nation.
.@RepDebHaaland said it best. This video is heartbreaking. But on this MLK weekend, Mr. Phillips of the Omaha Nation reminds us all of Dr. King’s lasting legacy of promoting unity over division. Let’s strive to meet his example. #omahanation
Let’s put aside the broken politics and end the shutdown. After that we can have a good-faith discussion about border security without harming hundreds of thousands of innocent people.
The president has said he's "proud” to shut down the government and hold Americans’ livelihoods hostage.The American people are tired of this sheer dysfunction, and we shouldn't validate or accept it. It’s time to stop this governance-by-extortion.
It's time do the right thing: end the #TrumpShutdown and stop jeopardizing the safety of the American people. If we're really concerned about keeping our country safe, re-opening the government should be our top priority.
When we add it all up what do we learn? @SenateGOP @POTUS are putting the health of everyday people at risk to try and get billions in taxpayer $ for an ineffective wall.That's not leadership. That's using innocent people as pawns for political purposes.
But that's not all. @TSA is understaffed unpaid. And @DHSgov @CBP are shuttered as well— showing that whatever the #TrumpShutdown is about, it's not border security
And Americans' health is on the line. @EPA suspended most inspections of power plants and even water treatment facilities. @FDA can't conduct its usual food inspections.
New Mexico, with all our incredible outdoor spaces, feels the impacts of closing @Interior. @NatlParkService sites are unstaffed but open, putting visitor safety and these incredible lands the government has promised to protect at risk.
The #TrumpShutdown is hurting more and more Americans every day. Because when federal workers are furloughed, the big and small things they do every day to ensure the health and safety of our nation fall by the wayside.Here are a few examples of just how dangerous this is:
The Ornelas family is one of so many in NM across the nation hurt by the shutdown.But this morning, @SenateGOP objected yet again to a vote that could end it.The Ornelas family can't afford to wait any longer. It's time to end the #TrumpShutdown
The latest allegations against President Trump are astonishing. To get the full truth, we need to protect the Mueller investigation and Congress must continue its own with complete transparency. No one— not even the president of the United States— is above the law.
On the Senate floor today, @senatemajldr refused to end the #TrumpShutdown. What’s it going to take for @SenateGOP to put the people over the President’s political demands?
LIVE: I’m demanding @senatemajldr call a vote on our bipartisan Interior Appropriations bill that would reopen parts of the gov't— including @Interior @EPA. Time for @SenateGOP to do the right thing end the shutdown.
Big Banks get assistance during the #TrumpShutdown but New Mexico farmers and ranchers don’t? It’s unacceptable to treat the NM farmers and ranchers who help feed our families and fuel our economy this
Agriculture is $3bn of New Mexico's economy part of our identity. But critical @USDA support for hardworking farmers ranchers is cut off during the #TrumpShutdown. @senatemajldr, this can't go on. Let’s vote to get @USDA and all agencies up running. End the shutdown.
Horrifying: thousands more children were separated from their families at the border than the Trump admin first admitted.No one— not @DHSgov, not @HHSgov— kept track of these helpless children. Incompetence inhumanity from @POTUS his administration.
Congratulations to @UNMHSC's Project ECHO! It's amazing to see a homegrown health effort go global. Your work has made a major difference in New Mexico, and you're going to make an even bigger impact around the world.
Congress wrote #ICWA recognizing that Native children— like all children— thrive when they grow up with the support of their families, communities and cultures.But a dangerous court ruling threatens this vital law. That's why I'm leading a bipartisan brief to protect #ICWA.
Congratulations @Spaceport_NM— this is good news for New Mexico. Proud to keep working with you on expanding infrastructure and employment in our community to help our state's innovation economy continue to grow strong.
.@EPAAWheeler claims to acknowledge the severity of climate change. Then why has the Trump @EPA— which he leads— done everything in its power to ignore this threat and sabotage our attempts to fight it?
Today on the Capitol steps, I joined @senatedems to highlight the stories of some of the Americans devastated by the #TrumpShutdown. @POTUS @senatemajldr, these are just a few of the people this shutdown is hurting. We can end it now.
Went to the Senate floor today to talk about the Ornelas family, one of the tens of thousands of families in New Mexico impacted by the #TrumpShutdown.
WATCH LIVE: Joining fellow @SenateDems on the Capitol steps to highlight the devastating effects of the #TrumpShutdown on New Mexicans families across the nation.
Their older son, Ian, is now the main provider for the family. Ian works at the Department of Interior, has been furloughed 26 days— and has now missed a paycheck.The Ornelas family is scared to death Ian will miss another paycheck, and another.The #TrumpShutdown must end.
Zachary Ornelas had a brain tumor, and has undergone two surgeries. He now needs constant care.His stepfather, Ervie, reduced his work by 75 percent to take care of Zachary.His mother, Leah's, paycheck goes to medical bills.His family moved back in together to save money.
I'm on my way to the Senate floor to share the story of Zachary Ornelas and the Ornelas family, from Carlsbad, NM. They're one of thousands of families in New Mexico who have been hurt by the #TrumpShutdown.
.@GovMLG laid out an inspiring roadmap for New Mexico in her #StateOfTheStateNM address today. Priorities like funding early childhood, a clean environment and an open government will boost all New Mexicans.
Today on #TuesdaysWithTom, I discussed the devastating consequences of the #TrumpShutdown on NM. The president @SenateGOP are holding New Mexicans' livelihoods hostage for a ransom of $5 billion in taxpayer dollars— all for an offensive, wasteful wall.
