RT @BudgetGOP: MUST READ - @SenatorEnzi moving ahead with ‘realistic’ budget resolution via @RollCall
Happy #307Day to all those who live in and enjoy the wonderful state that is Wyoming! #ThatsWY
The H-2B visa program is important to Wyoming's economy. Many businesses rely on the program during busy seasons. I signed a letter urging the administration to immediately increase the cap of H-2B visas.
RT @SenJohnBarrasso: Congrats to Kemmerer’s Easton Countryman and Rawlins’ Toby Arment on being Wyoming’s delegates at the 2019 U.S. @Senat…
Spring is a time of year when many Wyoming residents travel to Washington, D.C. The Wyoming delegation was pleased to host the first Wyoming Wednesday of the year this morning. It's a great opportunity to visit with folks about issues important to them over coffee donuts.
RT @BudgetGOP: SAVE THE DATE - @BudgetGOP Will Hold Hearing March 13 on the @Potus's Fiscal Year 2020 Budget Proposal
#OTD in 1913, the “Buffalo nickel” went into circulation. In 2004, after introducing the Bison Nickel Restoration Act, I brought Harvey the bison to Capitol Hill. In 2005, the U.S. Mint announced the Buffalo nickel as part of its Westward Journey Series.
Some people bring their dogs to work – I once brought a live bison...
I am glad that the IRS will be reopening its Taxpayer Assistance Center in Cheyenne on March 6. I sent a letter in early February requesting the office be reopened.
I am fortunate to be able to sponsor a young adult from Wyoming to serve as a Senate page. It's a great chance to see history in the making and get real work experience. Don’t miss out on this amazing opportunity!
Happy Birthday Yellowstone! The first national park was founded on this day by an act of Congress back in 1872!
Grizzly bears in Yellowstone region should be delisted. Unfortunately, a judge relisted them in the face of wildlife management experts scientific evidence. This new bill would delist them again stop further frivolous litigation. 
I intro’d legislation w/ @RepLizCheney that would direct the Department of the Interior to reissue its delisting of the grizzly bear in the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem and prohibit further judicial review on this issue.
It’s clear that under the Endangered Species Act grizzly bears in the Yellowstone region are fully recovered, that they should be delisted and management returned to the states.
RT @BudgetGOP: ICYMI - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi highlights how Congress has spent almost $1 trillion above budget caps since 2011
I’m accepting applications for eligible high school students to serve as U.S. Senate pages in Washington, D.C.! This is a great opportunity for young people and provides experiences that participants will carry with them for the rest of their lives.
The effective use of E-Verify would dramatically improve our ability to ensure that businesses are hiring legal workers. Our bill would expand the E-Verify program to all U.S. employers and should be a key part of immigration reform.
Joined Sen. @ChuckGrassley today in introducing legislation to help businesses comply with immigration laws by certifying the legal status of their workforce.
RT @BudgetGOP: REMINDER - Tomorrow @BudgetGOP will examine the Budget Control Act and review cap adjusted spending.
This common-sense legislation would ensure that if you’re traveling from point A to point C with a knife that is legal in both locations, you should not have to worry about going through point B.
Intro’d a bill w/ @RonWyden today to ensure that those traveling with a properly secured knife are not prosecuted under local or state laws which ban certain knives.
.@WyomingFFA and @NationalFFA are helping develop the agricultural leaders we need for the future. I am proud to cosponsor a bipartisan Senate resolution designating Feb 16-23, 2019 as National FFA Week.
When an animal is categorized as an endangered species,  states communities are most impacted but they can’t verify, dispute or complement the info. WY has some of the richest wildlife habitat in the world - we should encourage an open process that uses the best data available.
Introduced legislation w/ @SenatorRisch and @SenPatRoberts that would require the federal government to disclose the data it uses for Endangered Species Act listings.
If you travel w/ a bow for hunting, you shouldn't have to worry that a shortcut through a nat'l park could find you in legal jeopardy. The Senate passed a bill that included language to allow bows archery equipment to be transported across federal land.
Closing an IRS office at any time creates problems for taxpayers in Wyoming. But it is particularly burdensome when it occurs during the filing season – and the first one after our comprehensive tax reform – when folks continue to learn how to comply with new tax changes.
I’m troubled by the recent closure of the IRS taxpayer assistance center in Cheyenne. I sent a letter requesting it be reopened as quickly as possible.
I cosponsored @SenatorMenendez’s legislation to reauthorize programs that promote autism spectrum disorder research, education supports. It’s important to improve understanding of causes and symptoms and find solutions to improve lives of those affected.
RT @wyendotbiz: We're stoked to have @mforziatevents give not just one session, but two sessions at the 2019 GRO-Biz Conference Idea Expo…
It would provide new opportunities for American businesses, farmers and ranchers. We need to open dialogue and the exchange of ideas and commerce that would help move Cuba forward. It is time to work toward positive change.
History has shown that the Cuba trade embargo has not been very effective. I reintroduced legislation w/ @SenAmyKlobuchar and @SenatorLeahy to lift the embargo. This bipartisan legislation would benefit the people in America and in Cuba.
RT @wyendotbiz: @senatorenzi on why #WY #SmallBiz should attend this year's GRO-Biz Conference Idea Expo in Casper, WY Feb 20 21.
It’s not bad to point out disagreements, but for those of us in a good position to get something done I think we should focus on the parts of what @realdonaldtrump said where we can agree. My full #SOTU statement here:
Tonight’s State of the Union address was about choices. People will have to choose on what they want to focus. Some will focus on conflict.
RT @BudgetGOP: ICYMI - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi Questions @uscensusbureau About Controlling Costs for 2020 Census
Unfortunately many of us have this in common – we or a family member have battled cancer. My wife Diana is a cancer survivor. Today is #WorldCancerDay. Here are 7 tips we can take to help reduce the risk of cancer. Learn more from @PreventCancer here:
Over the weekend, I had the opportunity to meet with Darwin “Joe” Brown from Gillette. Joe carved this impressive and intricate walking stick and bison.
The decision to adopt or foster a child isn’t always an easy decision, but it is one of the most loving choices a family can make. That is why it is so important that adoptive and foster parents have access to the provider of their choice.
I introduced legislation today w/ @MikeKellyPA that would ensure that faith-based institutions and individuals can continue to provide child welfare services for those who need them.
I held a Senate @BudgetGOP Hearing today on the Congressional Budget Office’s report which highlights the need for Congress to confront the threat of the nation’s out of control spending.
Something has to change. Lurching from deal to deal, under the threat of a government shutdown only leads to more spending, more deficits ultimately more debt. Congress must implement foundational and structural policy changes if we are ever to achieve fiscal sustainability.
Borrowers of private student loans already receive this information, but borrowers of loans issued by the Department of Education do not. This bill would provide more transparency so families can be better informed about their financing options.
I introduced legislation today with @RepJohnCurtis that would force the government to be upfront about the true cost of federal student loans used by students and families.
Something for Wyoming small businesses to check out: @USAirForce is calling for submissions from startups and small businesses to help solve defense issues. #AFPitchDay
I cosponsored @SenJohnBarrasso's ONSHORE Act, which would make it easier for states to manage oil gas permitting regulatory responsibilities on federal land. Empowering states can help create more jobs, more local revenue keep energy prices low.
RT @BudgetGOP: SAVE THE DATE - Jan. 29 - @BudgetGOP to hold hearing on @USCBO's  Budget and Economic Outlook for Fiscal Years 2019-2029 htt…
I cosponsored the REINS Act, which would give Congress authority to review major rules and help reduce unnecessary and overreaching regulations. Learn more:
Congress has given far too much power to unaccountable bureaucrats who have implemented too many regulations, many that are harmful to our country and our economy.
The US government has shut down 21 times since Congress established the modern federal budget process in 1976. Shutting down the government disrupts lives. We could avoid future shutdowns altogether if Congress would pass the End Government Shutdowns Act.
Pleased to cosponsor a resolution led by @JerryMoran to recognize @FarmBureau’s 100th anniversary. I appreciate the work this important organization does every day to protect, preserve promote the farming ranching industry in Wyo across the country.
Calling all Wyoming entrepreneurs. The GRO-Biz and Idea Expo will be held in Casper Feb. 20 21. This conference is a great opportunity to learn the ins and outs of government contracting and business strategies. Learn more:
RT @BudgetGOP: TODAY - @SenatorEnzi Welcomed new @BudgetGOP members @SenatorBraun, @SenRickScott and @SenKevinCramer
Pleased to cosponsor Senator @JohnCornyn’s concealed-carry reciprocity bill. This legislation protects law-abiding gun owners around the country, and I look forward to working with my colleagues on this important issue.
And as a member of several other key committees, I am also ready to continue our work on important issues for Wyoming, such as health care, trade, homeland security, government oversight and more.
I am honored to return as chair of @BudgetGOP as we focus on addressing debt and overspending challenges facing our country. I will continue to lead the charge to fix the broken budget and spending process and focus on oversight efforts.
Congrats to my friend @GordonGovernor on his inauguration today! It is wonderful to have him represent Wyoming as its 33rd governor. I know he will continue making Wyoming a model among states.
Diana joins me in wishing you a Merry Christmas; we hope the joy of this season stays with you – not just today and tomorrow – but throughout the coming year.
Christmas has always been my favorite holiday of the year. It’s a special time to spend with family, eat good food and exchange gifts with the ones you love. It is also the season when dreams come true. Ask any child, no matter their age!
RT @BudgetGOP: BREAKING - @BudgetGOP chair @SenatorEnzi Pressing @CBP Over Millions $$$ Wasted on Hiring Contracts
Each of these suggestions would improve our budget process and help us control spending and meet our constitutional obligations. I plan to pursue these ideas and others in the next Congress. Learn more here:
It is time we change our strategy in order to avoid future government shutdowns. That is why I went to the Senate floor this week to lay out plans to overhaul our federal budget and spending process.
Obamacare has failed to ensure that for many Americans, but I will continue to work with my colleagues to bring about a better system to help those in need.
The constitutionality of the law will continue to be debated in the courts. No matter the outcome, Congress still needs to work to help ensure individuals, including those with pre-existing conditions, have access to high quality and affordable health insurance coverage.
It has been 8 years, but Obamacare is still struggling to meet the needs of Americans across the country. It has decreased competition and raised prices on folks just trying to make ends meet.
The Keystone XL Pipeline would bring nearly 6600 high paying jobs in the near-term nearly $4 billion in new capital investment next year.
I joined @SenJohnBarrasso, @RepLizCheney @SteveDaines in urging President Trump to take any immediate action necessary to move construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline forward.
RT @theaward: Our work is not possible without the support from parents, advisors, partnering organizations, schools, volunteers, and alumn…
As a former guardsman, I’d like to wish a very happy 382nd birthday to the National Guard! Thanks to all those who have served in the National Guard to help and protect their community and country.
My friend and colleague @senorrinhatch has dedicated his life to serving the people of Utah. His mentoring, guidance, love and sharing of his faith have made a tremendous difference to me. I wish him the best of luck in his retirement – he will be greatly missed.
RT @BudgetGOP: BREAKING - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi pushes @DeptVetAffairs to take more action on fixing #GIBill Problems
Throughout the 19th century, pages served as messengers helpers; they were usually around 12 yrs old and were often local orphans or children of widowed mothers. Today, pages still serve as messengers helpers, but they are high school juniors from all across the country.
My wife Diana and I were pleased to host a pizza party last night to thank the Senate pages for their hard work.
#WOTUS was an executive overreach, which not only took away authority that was rightly vested in the states, but it failed to take the concerns of the stakeholders who were most impacted by it into consideration.
The Trump Administration introduced a proposal today to scale back an Obama-era rule that gave the Environmental Protection Agency power to regulate bodies of waters it should have never had control over.
RT @BudgetGOP: ICYMI - Republicans and Democrats Unite on at Least One Issue: Oversight of the @DeptVetAffairs #GIB…
On this day 149 years ago, Wyoming territory became the first government in legislative history to extend the right to vote to women. We now celebrate December 10 as Wyoming Day!
I've been working to change grant criteria so that rural areas have more flexibility to get the funding they need for important work.
These types of grants have historically gone to higher population areas of the country. I am glad that the Trump Administration is working to fund these important projects in more rural areas, such as Wyoming. Thank you @SecElaineChao.
The WYDOT project will add about 5.5 miles of passing lanes and 2 truck parking areas, along with dedicated short-range communication roadside radios.
Good news! Wyoming will be receiving a $20 million grant from the Dept. of Transportation to help fund a project along I-80 between Walcott Junction and Quealy Dome Road.
It has been 77 years since that #DayOfInfamy. Today we take time to honor the heroes who fought and died at #PearlHarbor along with all those who served in WWII.
The Natural Resources Conservation Service said that if funding was not provided now, it would likely cost significantly more, at least $2.6 million, to fix additional damage that would occur later.
The area was initially deemed ineligible for funding, but the Wyoming delegation sent a letter last month urging the funding request to be reviewed.
I am glad that more than $500,000 in aid has been approved by the U.S. Department of Agriculture to help aid in the Roosevelt Fire recovery effort in Sublette County.
There are a lot of challenges that still face the coal industry, but thanks to the Trump Administration, this would be one less hurdle.
I applaud the Trump Admin for its plan to roll back a regulation which essentially stopped new coal power plants from being constructed in the United States.
We invite all Senate support staff – such as Capitol police officers and custodial staff – to come enjoy some delicious homemade treats. We look forward to this event all year as a way to show our gratitude for the hard work they do each and every day.
For the last two decades around this time of year, my wife Diana has worked tirelessly to make treats for our office cookie party.
I joined my colleagues recently in a resolution condemning Russia for its unprovoked attack on Ukraine and its Navy vessels. Russia’s actions were a blatant violation of international law.
From his time in the Navy during World War II, to Congress, to being an ambassador, to his service as vice-president and president, his dedication to serving his country was exemplary. Diana and I send our deepest condolences to the Bush family.
As a dedicated husband, father and public servant, George H. W. Bush lived his life with honor and distinction.
RT @BudgetGOP: DON'T MISS - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi  of Wyoming is pressing the Federal Emergency Management Agency (@FEMA) to explai…
I sent a letter to FEMA asking them to explain more about how they allowed these significantly marked-up prices.
Apparently FEMA paid $3,700 for generators that cost contractors $800, $666 for new bathroom sinks that cost contractors $260 to buy and install, and other overly marked-up prices for items such as doors and roofing materials.
I am troubled that after Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico, FEMA reportedly provided $3 billion in housing assistance, but more than 60 percent was used to pay contractors’ overhead and markups rather than actual home repairs.
As one of the original architects of @PEPFAR 15 years ago, I’m pleased the Senate passed legislation last night to reauthorize the program. Because of #PEPFAR, 14 million people who otherwise wouldn’t are now receiving HIV treatment.
I signed a letter led by @senJonKyl urging @realDonaldTrump to consider the key factors that underpin the continued viability of the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty. This includes the continued modernization of our nuclear weapons program.
I was honored to receive a U.S. National Mammal Champion award in recognition of my legislative work to help promote the American bison, one of the most powerful symbols of the American West.
Wyoming is a major exporter of soda ash to Japan, used to make glass and detergent, but Japan currently has a 3.3% tariff on U.S. soda ash. Eliminating the tariff would help support the more than 20,000 well-paying direct and indirect jobs the industry supports in America.
I led a bicameral letter urging @USTradeRep Robert Lighthizer to prioritize eliminating the Japanese tariff on U.S. natural soda ash during the U.S.-Japan trade agreement negotiations.
Today is #SmallBusinessSaturday! Small businesses play a key role in helping support our communities and keeping them vibrant. When it comes to your Christmas shopping this year, don’t forget to visit your favorite small businesses. #ShopSmal
This time of year reminds us of all we have been blessed to receive for which we are truly grateful – for the blessing of each other; for our nation’s veterans and those currently serving; for our first responders; and for those all over Wyoming. Happy Thanksgiving!
I was honored to be chosen as a congressional honoree for the Autism Awareness Gala for my work on legislation to help those with autism and their families.
RT @emrwilkins: .@SenatorEnzi has joined lawmakers asking @DeptVetAffairsfor answers on why GI benefits have been delayed and when the iss…
RT @BudgetGOP: ICYMI - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi Presses Veterans Affairs for Answers on Problems with GI
RT @BudgetGOP: BREAKING - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi Presses @DeptVetAffairs for Answers on Problems with #GIBenefits
Every child deserves to grow up in a loving family. I am proud to once again cosponsor a Senate resolution to support #NationalAdoptionDay and #NationalAdoptionMonth.
I was proud to sponsor legislation w/ @SenJohnBarrasso that reauthorized the Congressional Awards program earlier this year, and I look forward to seeing this important program continue to grow in the years to come.
The Congressional Award is celebrating its 39th anniversary today! Since 1979, @theaward has helped young people across the country prepare for their futures and enrich their communities. #CAF39
I doubt that any other state has that much clout. It’s really something for one state to be in this position, but we’ve earned it.
This will help our state’s voice to be heard through the noise. I'm confident they will serve the Cowboy State, our conferences the country well. These choices, first by the people of Wyoming and then by other members of Congress, make a strong Wyoming delegation even stronger.
Congrats to my friends and colleagues @SenJohnBarrasso and @RepLizCheney on being elected chairman of the Senate Republican Conference and chair of the House Republican Conference. It is wonderful to have them both representing Wyoming in these leadership positions.
My family I had a wonderful time at the unveiling ceremony of the NZ Shoe carousel display at the Rockpile Museum. I also attended a Veterans Day reception at Gillette’s Primrose Retirement Community. It was great to see folks come together to express gratitude to our veterans.
To each and every American who has taken the call to arms to defend our country and our values: thank you. Diana joins in sending our best wishes to all members of our Armed Forces. Our nation is so very proud to claim you as our own.
We installed it in 1969 and were sad when we had to remove it, but I'm pleased our 6 horses – Flicka, Fury, Ginger, Beauty, Silver and King – will gallop along their wooden track once again thanks to the Rockpile Museum.
We used to keep horses in our shoe store. For more than 20 years, our shoe store in Gillette was home to a carousel that kids who visited our shoe store with their parents loved.
Congratulations to Evansville’s Mesa Natural Gas Solutions for earning the @USDOL #HIREVets Medallion award for excelling in hiring and retaining veterans! We owe the highest debt to our veterans and should all do what we can to recognize their selfless service.
A newly divided Congress will pose its own unique challenges in the years ahead, but it is important that we as public servants who wish to do best by our constituents and our country remember the importance of finding agreement without needing to compromise our principles.
Congratulations to @SenJohnBarrasso and @RepLizCheney on their re-elections to the Senate and House. I look forward to continuing to work with them. I am also looking forward to working with Wyoming’s next governor Mark Gordon to support the people of Wyoming.
America once again saw millions of citizens go to the polls to exercise their right to vote on Election Day. No matter their party affiliation, running for office takes a leap of faith and I applaud those who took a chance and put their name on a ballot.
The attempted attacks today aimed at public officials the media are reprehensible. Violence is not an acceptable way to disagree. I hope the person or people responsible are caught brought to justice. Thanks to first responders others who risk their lives to protect others.
Diana and I had a wonderful time in Laramie last weekend. Although the Cowboys fell to Utah State, it was great to celebrate all the homecoming events and talk with folks from around the state.
Next week is National Retirement Security Week! I hope it will encourage folks to take steps toward securing their futures. Knowing the best way to save for retirement can reap huge rewards down the road.
ICYMI: I have a new of(fish)al portrait! �
Not many people can say they’ve worked on the U.S. Senate floor – the page program gives students a front row seat to see history in the making while gaining real work experience. If you or someone you know is interested, be sure to apply by Nov. 7.
Area 59 is Wyoming’s largest collaborative workspace supporting students and the community at large. With 3D printers, laser cutters, a woodworking shop and even two robotic arms, this is truly an exciting facility for the community.
I had a great time at the grand opening for Area 59, the new Gillette College center for innovation and fabrication.
The Inventors Conference is near and dear to my heart and has grown to be one of my favorite events of the year. I'm continually amazed by the ideas and the ingenuity from those living in Wyoming.
It was wonderful to host the 15th Inventors Conference last Saturday in Casper where folks with big ideas came together to learn more about making their dreams a reality.
I’m accepting applications for high school juniors to serve as a U.S. Senate page in Washington, D.C. this spring! This is a great opportunity for young people and provides experiences that participants will carry with them for the rest of their lives.
Interested in a military career? I’m accepting applications for nominations to the U.S. military service academies. Apply by Nov. 5.
Wyoming has 3 members of Congress we're always looking for young people from the Cowboy State who want to step out and work in DC. Wyo students have a leg up over states with larger populations. If you’re interested, take advantage of this opportunity!
New York may have 29 members of Congress with internship opportunities, but you would compete with nearly 2 million college-age individuals – nearly 35 times more than in Wyoming.
A congressional internship can be highly sought after. But as a Wyoming college student or recent graduate, you have a big advantage in earning an opportunity to intern on Capitol Hill.
RT @Interior: A vibrant sunset over one of the most scenic vistas in #Wyoming: Red Canyon Overlook
The Inventors Conference is TOMORROW at Casper College! This is a wonderful opportunity to learn about the patent process, business planning, funding options and marketing. I hope to see you there.
When Wyo Sen. Malcolm Wallop created the Congressional Awards program in 1979, he wanted to encourage young people to push boundaries and discover what they can achieve. I’m pleased the president signed a bill today to reauthorize this important program.
@POTUS And I am proud to have introduced this bill with @SenJohnBarrasso.
Today @POTUS signed a bill to reauthorize the Congressional Awards program. This is a wonderful program for young people across the country, and I am happy they will have the opportunity to earn this award for years to come.
Military service academies provide exceptional opportunities to young people, including a quality education. I highly encourage anyone who is interested to apply by Nov. 5!
Using civilians as shields is inhumane unacceptable. I'm pleased to join nearly 50 of my colleagues in cosponsoring the STOP Using Human Shields Act, which would impose sanctions on those who use or facilitate the use of human shields.
By providing these improvements, we are helping support our communities, farmers, ranchers and everyone else. I appreciate @SenJohnBarrasso's hard work on this legislation.
As a former mayor, I understand how vital it is for communities to have access to enough safe water and working sewer systems – especially out west, where water can be a scarce commodity.
The Senate sent a bill to the president's desk today that would help improve access to water for drinking, waste treatment and irrigation.
RT @BudgetGOP: ICYMI - @BudgetGOP Chairman @SenatorEnzi Pushes @USGSA to Better Manage Federal Property
Do you have an inventive idea? Come to my Inventors Conference on Saturday, Oct. 13 at Casper College to learn more about next steps. I hope to see you there!
Today manufacturers across the country will open their doors to the public and help inspire our young people to pursue careers in manufacturing and engineering. Check out some events happening in Wyoming:
Throughout this process I have believed that it is important to fairly examine the evidence presented without prejudice. I continue to believe Judge Kavanaugh is a well-qualified nominee.
Sexual assault allegations deserve to be taken seriously and career agents at the FBI compiled this background information independent of political considerations.
I have read the FBI’s supplemental background investigation on Judge Kavanaugh. We’re prohibited from revealing specifics, but I found no new facts were revealed and no corroboration of the accusations were presented.
Every year, I host an Inventors Conference. Whether you are a seasoned entrepreneur, a small business owner or recently came up with an idea you’d like to pursue further, everyone is welcome to attend and learn how to build on ideas.
RT @BudgetGOP: ICYMI - @BudgetGOP senators scrutinize CBO's new health insurance simulation model via @modrnhealthcr @SusannahLuthi
RT @BudgetGOP: ICYMI - @BudgetGOP Members Ask @USCBO to release details of its new #health insurance simulation model to the public prior t…
Christel Slaughter, chair of the U.S. Chamber of Small Business’ Council, is hearing from members that reinvestment from tax reform is going toward wages employee benefits. Small businesses employ more than 60% of Wyo workers, these benefits can help families across the state.
At a Senate Small Business Committee hearing yesterday, I highlighted how the National Federation of Independent Business reported 87 percent of their members believe the new tax law will have a positive effect on the economy.
Our ability to create innovative technology to help better our society has constantly been underestimated. Just look at tractors, airplanes, penicillin, silicon chips or the internet. I have faith in our ability to find innovative solutions to continuously improve our lives.
It is remarkable to see the work being done in Campbell County to help ensure that coal will continue to be one of the most reliable and affordable energy source into the 21st century.
This honor recognizes the hard work from educators, students and families in each of these communities. Thanks for helping to make Wyoming’s future bright.
A big congratulations to Sheridan’s Sagebrush Elementary School, Laramie’s Snowy Range Academy and Powell’s Westside Elementary School – all were named 2018 National Blue Ribbon Schools by the U.S. Department of Education!
Wyoming's always been a creative state – from its first patent in 1867 to now. I host a conference each year to encourage the current generation of Wyo inventors inspire the next. Come to Casper College Oct. 13 to learn more about the invention process.
My statement on the Supreme Court nomination:
This legislation would build on previous progress in government spending oversight and better track hundreds of billions of dollars in federal grants each year, reduce compliance costs and allow for more modern technologies in the federal grant process.
The GREAT Act, which I introduced w/ @SenatorLankford, would help simplify the grant process and make it more efficient and transparent. I am glad the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee voted today to send it to the Senate floor.
It is important that we look at how health care challenges in rural states can affect the cost of care and learn more about how our current policies are working and where they might be improved.
Rural states like Wyoming face unique health care challenges. That's why I held a bipartisan roundtable with Wyo Insurance Commissioner Tom Glause other experts to examine these challenges possible solutions to help. More info here:
Congratulations to Lander Valley High School Principal Brad Neuendorf for being named the @NASSP 2018 Wyoming Principal of the Year! Thank you for all your hard work in leading your school.
I hope a quick resolution to keep the Yellowstone grizzly bears delisted can be implemented.
I am disappointed by a federal judge’s decision to return the Yellowstone grizzly bear to the endangered species list. Wildlife experts and federal officials agree that the grizzly bears in this region have been fully recovered for years.
Thanks to @SenJohnBarrasso and Wyoming Cowboy Hall of Fame Board Members Lee Martinez, Scotty Ratliff and Pinky Walters for helping to make the 5th annual induction ceremony a success.
It was wonderful to speak at the Wyoming Cowboy Hall of Fame induction on Sunday in Casper. I’m proud to continue being part of this ceremony to recognize one of Wyoming’s greatest symbols and a way of life that has contributed so much to American culture and the West.
Folks in Wyoming have big ideas, and that’s why I host the Inventors Conference each year. I highly encourage anyone interested to register and take advantage of the opportunities this conference provides.
Are you interested in getting a ground-floor look at how Congress works? Apply for an internship in my D.C. office! This is a unique opportunity to gain experience in the heartbeat of our nation’s government. Learn more and apply here:
Interested in a military career? I’m accepting applications for nominations to the U.S. military service academies. Apply by Nov. 5.
Happy 71st birthday to the @usairforce! Today we give an extra thanks to those men and women who have served or are still serving our nation at F.E. Warren Air Force Base and around the globe!
RT @BudgetGOP: “Congress and the public have come to depend on @USCBO for its budget and economic analyses. That means ensuring the agency’…
RT @BudgetGOP: LIVE @ 1030am - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi will hold a hearing on Transparency at @USCBO -
I'm honored to be selected as a Friend of Farm Bureau. For every farmer and rancher, there are countless people across our country who benefit from the food they produce and the economic benefit they provide.
Every year I am amazed by the kids from Wyoming that work so hard to earn these prestigious awards.  Last year, Wyoming students accounted for nearly 10 percent of all those Congressional Gold Medalists.
The #CongressionalAward is a wonderful program that rewards students across the country for volunteerism personal development. Wyoming Senator Malcolm Wallop started this program in 1979 and I am proud to sponsor its reauthorization w/ @SenJohnBarrasso.
Each year, I have the honor of nominating a select few to the U.S. military service academies. This is an exceptional opportunity for young people considering military careers. 
RT @BudgetGOP: TOMORROW - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi will hold a hearing on Transparency at @USCBO - Thursday, Sept. 13, 2018 at 10:30am…
Seventeen years ago our lives changed forever. On this solemn anniversary, let us remember the thousands of lives lost and the heroism of the first responders. Today is an opportunity to come together as one and renew our spirit of unity as a nation. #NeverForget
RT @BudgetGOP: JUST ANNOUNCED - @BudgetGOP Chair @SenatorEnzi will hold a hearing on Transparency at @USCBO - Thursday, Sept. 13, 2018 at 1…
No matter how busy I am, I try to make time for reading. And I usually read a few books at a time, adding up to about 100 a year. I really enjoyed sharing some of my favorite books that I read this summer with BookTV. #ReadABookDay
Payments In Lieu of Taxes are vital for local governments in places like Wyoming to help pay for essential services. Enjoyed talking today to @NACo officials today on Capitol Hill about this important issue.
I specifically appreciate the changes to allow small businesses that in the same association to join together to offer retirement plans for their employees. But Congress should still push for legislation that would expand that option even further.
I applaud @realDonaldTrump for signing an executive order today to strengthen retirement security options for small businesses and employers.
It is unfortunate that activist litigation has once again delayed the process of allowing states to properly manage their own wildlife.
Federal judge should not halt grizzly bear hunts in Wyoming.
Today we gathered in the U.S. Capitol to honor Senator John McCain. He served his country. He served it well. America will never forget that service. Full statement here -
Our local papers play a vital role in the state and shouldn’t have to struggle to survive because of these tariffs that were being pushed by one company.
It is a relief that the U.S. International Trade Commission has ended tariffs on imports from Canada that were hurting our newspapers in Wyoming and the communities they serve.
His dedication to his country and its defense was unmatched. He was passionate throughout his long years of service to the people of Arizona. Diana and I send our thoughts and prayers to his wife Cindy and the entire McCain family as we mourn the passing of an American hero.
Senator John McCain was a true patriot who dedicated his life to serving his country, his constituents and his family with honor. He rightfully earned his maverick moniker with his iron strength of will to stand up and fight for what he believed was right.
Joined @SenTedCruz this week in urging @USTreasury to cut the Iranian regime off from the global banking system.
Financial literacy can be the key to help Americans save for retirement. Held a roundtable on the issue today with expertise witnesses, including U.S. Treasurer Jovita Carranza. More here:
The lack of retirement planning by Americans at all stages of life illustrates the need to explore the financial literacy resources already available to help them. Learn more here:
According to one employee survey nearly half of baby boomers had $100,000 or less set aside for retirement. That would likely mean only $4,000 in annual cash flow per year for retirement.
I held a roundtable today with expert witnesses to explore what efforts are being made by the government and private sector to ensure people have the financial literacy they need to save for retirement.
RT @SenAlexander: Thanks to @SenatorEnzi for holding an important HELP subcommittee hearing at 2:30 PM EDT on financial literacy and saving…
