It has been a privilege to work with her the past two years to advance the Air Force’s mission, improve readiness and rebuild our armed forces. I thank her for her work and wish her all the best in her new role.
Secretary Wilson has dedicated her life to public service, and I congratulate her for accepting the position of president of the University of Texas at El Paso.
Tourism in @southdakota continues to grow. Read this week's column:
Congratulations to Jack Brenneman of Roosevelt High School and Rylee Niesent of Spearfish High School who participated this week in the prestigious United States @SenateYouth Program. I hope you have enjoyed your time in Washington.
STEM is vital to the future jobs market. Thank you to those who work to put this conference together to help educate young women in South Dakota about potential careers in the science, technology, engineering and math fields.
As I told John Berman on CNN earlier this week, I support @realDonaldTrump @POTUS' emergency declaration to strengthen security at our Southern border. WATCH:
Joined @instagram today! Follow me there to see more behind-the-scenes content of my work as a senator both in South Dakota and in DC.
STEM jobs will be in high demand for many years to come. Encouraging SD's young people to study science, tech, engineering math now will set them up for success in the future. Congratulations to Jace Waybright for all you have accomplished at SDSU.
Joined @FoxBusiness to discuss legislation I intro'd today w/ @MartinHeinrich to repeal the Cadillac Tax, a provision of the ACA that would impose a 40% tax on certain employer sponsored health plans drive up costs for middle class families. More here:
Sent a letter to @DHSgov today to urge admin to immediately increase the number of H-2B visas for FY19. There's a high demand for temporary, seasonal workers in SD thru H-2B program, especially during the busy summer tourism construction season. More: 
The @IAVA stopped by my office to visit today. IAVA works to empower post-9/11 veterans through education, advocacy and community. Keep up the good work!
I had a great meeting today with representatives from Boys Girls Clubs across South Dakota. The programs they offer play an important role in mentoring and developing the next generation of South Dakotans.
Good luck to the @WolvesAthletics tonight as they play in the NSIC championship. #GoWolves #WolvesCountry #NSICTourney
20 veterans commit suicide every day – a heartbreaking statistic. Thank you, @POTUS, for your call to action to solve this tragedy.
Marcella LeBeau has lived a full life. Looking forward to reading her story from great-granddaughter Ryia's perspective.
The president’s promise to bring year-round sales of E-15 is moving forward – this is a small but important step toward getting this done in time for the summer’s driving season.
Congratulations to the Somsen family for being named SDSU’s Family of the Year for 2019. Jean and I had a great time in Brookings last weekend celebrating the Somsens and their decades of support for SDSU. #goJacks
Jean and I are sending our prayers for the those impacted by the tornadoes in Alabama. Our thoughts are with the first responders working to repair communities and help families affected by this tragedy.
Today, Badlands National Park encompasses nearly 250,000 acres of striking canyons, rock formations and grass prairie - one of South Dakotas true treasures that attracts approximately one million visitors annually.
90 years ago today, an act authorizing Badlands National Monument was signed by President Calvin Coolidge, one of his last acts on his last day in office.
On this day in 1925, Congress passed legislation authorizing the carving of Mount Rushmore. It would take 14 years and over four hundred workers to complete the project. #GreatFacesGreatPlaces #SouthDakota #HifromSD
Tourism is one of South Dakota’s top industries vital to our economy. Appreciated the opportunity to be in Rapid City today to sit down with SD Department of Tourism Secretary Jim Hagen others who play a vital role in promoting tourism. #hifromSD #GreatFacesGreatPlaces
South Dakota's four technical institutes lead the way in career and technical education. Read more in this week's column:
Today is Read Across America Day, a day to celebrate reading. Black Elk Speaks, a book about the life of Black Elk, is just as important today as it was when it was first published in 1932. #ReadAcrossAmerica
Congratulations to @EPAAWheeler, who was just confirmed to be EPA Administrator. Look forward to continue working w/ him on year-round E-15 sales and other issues important to South Dakotans.
I had the opportunity today to sit down with SD Agriculture Secretary Kim Vanneman to discuss how trade impacts South Dakota’s agriculture industry. We need to work to finalize fair trade deals so we can sell our products.
It was great catching up with the South Dakota Broadcasters Association today. Thanks for all you do to help connect South Dakotans with important radio and television programming.
RT @SenPatRoberts: Today, I introduced bipartisan legislation to protect rural Critical Access Hospitals and their patients along with @Jim…
We can't afford to wait any longer to take steps to get our debt under control. This includes committing to regular order with regard to our budget process managing the entire federal budget, including mandatory payments. Delaying action looking the other way is not an option
In SD, we balance our books each year, and we have a strong economy and low unemployment because of it. High debt threatens economic growth by driving up interest rates and discouraging businesses and individuals from investing back into the economy.
Joined @sendavidperdue @SenJoniErnst @JerryMoran @SenatorLankford to introduce a resolution recognizing U.S debt as a threat to our national security. Surpassing $22T in debt should be a wake-up call to Washington, which for decades has failed to balance the fed govt's checkbook.
I had the pleasure of speaking with veterans from the @AmericanLegion Department of South Dakota today. Thank you for your service and the work you do on behalf of South Dakota veterans!
SD @DAVHQ members work tirelessly to provide support for disabled veterans and their families. Appreciated the opportunity to visit with members Gene Murphy, Gaylord Helmbrecht and Dan Francis during their visit to Washington this week.
A new @AAF study found the progressive, unrealistic #GreenNewDeal will cost $51 trillion-$93 trillion over the next decade bankrupt our nation. GOP has worked hard to grow our economy—Democrats’ #GreenNewDeal would reverse all the gains we’ve made.
.@POTUS remains committed to keeping Americans and the world safe from the North Korean threat through complete denuclearization. I wish him the best at his summit with Chairman Kim this week.
This might not be good for my waistline but it's good for the city of Pierre and the surrounding communities. Good luck to my brother Tom as he reopens this well-known business. P.S. Think blueberry donuts.
In the history of the world, the true test of a society is how well we treat the most vulnerable among us. A baby who survives an abortion deserves the same rights under the law as any other newborn baby and should receive proper medical care, not be left to die.
I spoke on the #Senate floor today in support of @SenSasse's Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. 
All life is sacred and has value. I urge my colleagues to support the commonsense bill we're voting on tonight that seeks to save the lives of babies born during an attempted abortion.
Headed to the #Senate floor to deliver a floor speech urging my colleagues to support @SenSasse’s Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. Tune in on C-SPAN II or online here:
As a lifelong pro-life advocate, I believe in the value of every human life. Proud to cosponsor this straight-forward legislation look forward to supporting it on the Senate floor later today.
Thank you @POTUS for moving forward to protect taxpayer dollars from funding abortion services.
Who are you cheering on this weekend? @GoJacksWBB @GoJacksMBB @SDCoyotesWBB @SDCoyotesMBB

Good news today w/ announcement China has agreed to buy millions of tons of US soybeans. Thanks to @SecretarySonny for working to promote US ag. We need to continue finalizing fair trade deals for our producers.
RT @DOE_SC_NSB: Congrats to Stevens High School (Rapid City, SD) – they won 1st place at their regional Science Bowl – good luck at the Nat…
Agree, @ESPN. @SDCoyotesWBB vs. @GoJacksWBB is a must watch this weekend! #GoJacks #hifromSD #SummitLeague
FFA has played a critical role in the lives of young leaders since its founding in 1928. Today, there are 91 chapters in SD making an impact through ag education. I'm proud to have supported a resolution unanimously passed by the Senate declaring this week as #NationalFFAWeek.
Wishing everyone a happy #PresidentsDay2019
This Presidents Day, it’s important to remember that much more unites us than divides us as Americans. I call on all of us to do a little less finger-pointing and a little more hand-shaking.
The IHS has failed our tribal community for far too long. It’s time to hold them accountable.
Moving forward, it is time to stop the recklessness of continuing resolutions (CR) and the threat of government shutdowns. This is no way to run a country. The American people deserve better.
I voted for today's appropriations package b/c it avoids a second government shutdown and provides the American people with the certainty of a fully-functioning federal government. It also makes a much-needed down payment on the president’s promise to strengthen border security.
RT @sdhspress: Beachfront property has little bearing on a ship’s name, as seen by the third naval vessel in history being named after the…
Congratulations to Bill Barr, who was just confirmed by the Senate to be our next Attorney General. As our nation’s top law enforcement officer, he is committed to enforcing the law and upholding the Constitution. Looking forward to working with him in his new capacity as AG.
We must take steps to immediately address the shortcomings of the IHS that failed the victims outlined in the WSJ/FRONTLINE investigation, and so many other tribal members for far too long.
An assessment will allow us to take a close look at the failures of the IHS so that we can work in close consultation with the tribes to immediately solve these problems and begin providing the reliable care our tribal members deserve.
IHS has a trust treaty responsibility to provide proper health care to tribal members. More on my bill here:
This news reinforces the need for my IHS assessment legislation, which I reintroduced today. Tribal members have faced unimaginable horrors because IHS has failed to meet basic benchmarks for providing timely, adequate care.
The @WSJ and @frontlinepbs recent joint investigation found out Indian Health Service repeatedly ignored signs that a pediatrician on the Pine Ridge reservation was molesting Native American children. Rather than firing him, they moved him to different IHS facilities. Appalling.
Jean does so much for our family. I'm lucky to have her by my side today and always. Happy #ValentinesDay!
Joined @SenJohnThune @MarkWarner to introduce legislation to address the student loan debt crisis. Our bill would open up additional tools to help both students dealing with education loans and employers seeking to attract new hires. More here:
Congratulations to Sheila Gestring as she begins her tenure as the 18th President at @USD. You can watch her inauguration ceremony today at 2 PM Central. @USDPresident
In light of last week’s news that @Navy Secretary Richard Spencer @secnav76 is naming a Littoral Combat Ship USS Pierre, the SD State Historical Society put together a background on the history of previous vessels named for Pierre. Check it out!
Later this week, I plan to reintroduce my IHS assessment legislation, which will take a close look at the deep-seeded systemic problems within the agency so we can take action to make certain these unimaginable horrors never happen again at the hands of #IHS. Enough is enough.
Instead, the #IHS moved him from reservation to reservation, covering up decades of sexual abuse of Native American children in Pine Ridge and elsewhere. Appalling. Failing to protect these vulnerable children is unacceptable.
A recent @frontlinepbs @WSJ joint investigation shed light on the federal government’s failure to stop a child predator in Indian Country.
#LandsPackage2019 includes my Landowner Conservation Education amdt, so landowners are made aware that perpetual conservation easements – which bind future generations into a contract with the federal govt – aren’t their only option when entering into a conservation agreement.
In SD, we treasure our public lands. #LandsPackage2019 will improve management of our public lands and allow greater local control of water management decisions.
My staff members Megan and Kari are at the South Dakota BIG Job Fair in Sioux Falls today. Stop by and say hello!
Great to see that the Butterfly House in #SiouxFalls will be tripling in size. Looking forward to seeing the completed project.
Congratulations to the @SDCoyotesWBB for ranking in the @AP_Top25 for the first time in school history. You're making South Dakota proud! #GoYotes
RT @CusterStatePark: It's great to see our bison putting themselves out there on #NationalMakeAFriendDay#HiFromSD #SDInTheField #Discover…
Members of my staff will be attending the Black Hills Sport Show this weekend in Rapid City. Stop by to say hello, share your thoughts and learn about our constituent services!
Jennie, Megan Sara from our Sioux Falls office attended the In Her Shoes breakfast this morning. The event focuses on supporting women’s personal and professional development so they can achieve economic independence. #EmpoweredSF
Happy Birthday to my favorite president, Ronald Reagan, who would have turned 108 years old today. President Reagan ushered in a new era of conservative leadership that would help pave the way for a better America. Here he is pictured with late former SD Congressman Clint Roberts
Great to see Rapid City as one of the best places for veterans to live. South Dakota is a great place to call home. #SouthDakota
I appreciated the opportunity to meet privately with the president’s nominee to be Attorney General, Bill Barr.  We had a lengthy discussion about our right to bear arms, and I thank Mr. Barr for his commitment to protecting our Second Amendment rights.
Cosponsored the bipartisan CREATES Act again this congress--it would enhance competition in the prescription drug market by fast tracking approval of lower-cost generics, saving consumers $$$. More here:
Congratulations to Sioux Falls Roosevelt HS student Bryn Ellwein, who has received a fully qualified offer of appointment to @WestPoint_USMA. We wish her all the best! More info on academy nominations can be found here: 
The American people expect results. I’m ready to work with anyone – on either side of the aisle – to tackle these issues head-on.
I also wish to thank the president for his strong commitment to defending innocent life.
I thank the president for prioritizing these important issues in his address to Congress and the nation tonight.
This includes enacting policies that further grow our economy, strengthening national defense border security, making sure all Americans have access to affordable health care, opening new markets  through strong trade agreements, improving our nation’s infrastructure.
Reminding us that much more unites us than divides us as Americans, he called on us to set aside our differences and tackle the tough issues before us. I couldn’t agree more. We all want to make our country safer, freer and more prosperous for the future.
Tonight, @realDonaldTrump @POTUS laid out a vision for our country that builds upon the successes of the past two years to further strengthen our economy and keep us safe.
Great to visit with more than 40 members of the SD Association of Rural Water Systems while they were in town today to talk about rural water issues! Also got to deliver tonight's #SOTU2019 ticket to my guest, Troy Larson, Exec. Dir. of the Lewis Clark Regional Water System.
Great to meet with Tracy and Matthew w/ the Agricultural Retailers Association today to discuss a number of issues, including free and fair trade. Increasing U.S. trading partnerships is important to the overall health of our economy, especially for SD’s ag industry.
Pleased to see the @USDAForeignAg report over 600,000 metric tons of US soybeans sold to China. This is a positive step, but we have a long way to go to return lost market share. #tradenotaid
Today, @USNavy announced the next Independence-variant Littoral Combat Ship will be named USS Pierre, in honor of our capital city. SD citizens are proud supporters of our military and we are thrilled to have USS Pierre join the Navy's fleet. More info:
My guest for the #SOTU tomorrow night will be Troy Larson, Executive Director of the Lewis and Clark Regional Water System. Troy's hard work and leadership are critical to making sure safe and reliable water is delivered to communities and farms across South Dakota, Iowa and MN.
For the past 15 consecutive years, the #SuperBowl has had a display made in South Dakota by @Daktronics. #SuperBowl53 will be no different. Thanks for making our state proud - keep up the good work!
Today, I had the honor of delivering the keynote address at the commissioning ceremony for USS South Dakota. South Dakotans are proud to have this magnificent vessel bear the name of our great state. #SouthDakota #USSSouthDakota
Last night, I had the opportunity to meet Senior Chief Chris Peddycoart, from Oacoma, who is the Lead Culinary Specialist on USS South Dakota. I also met Dick Hackley who served aboard USS South Dakota BB-57 during WWII. Thankful to these two men for their service.
Tomorrow, I have the honor to be the keynote speaker at the commissioning ceremony for USS South Dakota. Here's a look back at South Dakota's connection to the U.S. Navy.
Our staffer Amanda met w/ Dr. Michelle Hofer Colleen Dryden from Missouri River Dentistry at the Give Kids a Smile event. For 13 yrs, Dr. Hofer has participated in this event where kids under 18 w/o dental insurance or Medicaid receive a free exam cleaning. Thanks Dr. Hofer!
RT @bloomberggov: Did you miss out on #BGOVHillWatch? Catch up on @michaelarossa’s conversation with @SenatorRounds.
RT @Daktronics: For the 15th consecutive year, our equipment will be used for football’s biggest game. More details about our technology at…
February is #HeartMonth, a time to raise awareness about a disease that impacts thousands of South Dakotans and their families. The good news is we can take steps to reduce our risk of coronary heart disease. Learn more here:
An amazing gift that will keep on giving. Thank you to Saylr Moncur for thinking about others and their needs and to @MakeAWish for making this dream a reality. #MakeaWish
I’m looking forward to participating in the commissioning ceremony for USS South Dakota this weekend. The event will be livestreamed starting at 10am CT on Saturday here:
RT @SenJohnThune: I joined @SenatorRounds and @RepDustyJohnson in introducing legislation that would help tribal schools prioritize resourc…
Today I met with Kathy, Steph, Vicki, Joyce and Lori with @SDHSA . Thanks for all you do to support early childhood education, health and nutrition across the state!
I had the opportunity to address the South Dakota @DucksUnlimited convention in Pierre last weekend and got to visit with Harold and Bill during their trip to DC today. We discussed the farm bill and the need for bipartisan compromise in Congress.
Due to the dangerously cold weather, postal service has been suspended in South Dakota today.
Appreciated the opportunity to join @bloomberggov to discuss our priorities for the 116th Congress, including infrastructure, finalizing trade deals strengthening national security. Look forward to working with my colleagues to address these and other issues in the coming year.
I look forward to joining @WNAX shortly. Tune in around 5:15 CT
Life-threatening wind chills are happening across South Dakota. Stay safe and be careful if you must be outside.
RT @EUAmbUS: Good news for US soy bean exporters: The @EU_Commission has concluded that US soya beans meet the technical requirements to be…
RT @RD_SouthDakota: Rural Development offices in South Dakota are now open. As we begin an orderlystartup of program activities for FY 201…
RT @keloradio: Rounds co-sponsors Thune's Death Tax repeal
Great to see Adam, Tim and Lindsey who are in town with the National Sorghum Producers today. We had a good discussion about E-15, trade and the farm bill.
Our team has a booth set up at the Black Hills Stock Show. We're set up in Room H on the 2nd floor of the Civic Center. If you're there, please stop by to say hello, share your thoughts and learn about our constituent services!
Tax Cuts Jobs Act included measures to temporarily double exemption rate of the death tax. Permanent repeal is necessary to make sure family farms ranches will be able to be passed down for generations to come, which is why I cosponsored @SenJohnThune's Death Tax Repeal Act.
Government shutdowns and continuing resolutions are wasteful, ineffective and destabilize government programs, making them more difficult for our citizens to utilize.
Congress and the president must now work diligently on a long-term appropriations package and strengthening border security. Thesenselessness of the past 35 days, coupled with another short-term CR,underscores the need to reform the entire budget process.
I’ve said all along that nobody wins in a shutdown. I’m glad a deal has been reached on a three-week Continuing Resolution so hardworking federal employees can get paid and important federal services can resume.
My full statement on my vote to end the government shutdown.
Thanks to Dan and Hillary Orban for your grace and patience during this difficult time. The partial shutdown is having a real impact on the lives of SD families we must work together to end the shutdown quickly for the betterment of the American people.
Over 14 million people visited South Dakota in 2018. Consider making the Mount Rushmore State your next family destination. South Dakota is a great place to visit and an even better place to call home.
FSA offices will reopen beginning 1/24, will offer a longer list of services. We'll continue working to end this partial gov’t shutdown. @SecretarySonny also announced an extended deadline (Feb 14) to apply for the Market Facilitation Program.
His proposal appears to make reasonable compromises that incorporate ideas from both sides of the aisle. I support @senatemajldr’s decision to consider this proposal in the Senate this week look forward to fully reviewing.
Once again, @POTUS made a strong case for the need to enhance border security, address the growing humanitarian crisis at the border and end the government shutdown as quickly as possible.
Grateful to the tens of thousands who participated in the March For Life this year, including the many South Dakotans who made the trip. Glad my staff could visit with some of you in our Washington, DC, office this afternoon. Safe travels back home.
Thanks to all those participating in the March for Life today. South Dakotans – if you’re in DC don’t forget to stop by my office from 2-3pm today for some light refreshments drinks!
It's a privilege to have the opportunity to chair the Senate Armed Services Subcommittee on Cybersecurity again in the 116th Congress. Thanks to Chairman @JimInhofe for supporting this subcommittee's mission. My full statement:
I spoke with Andrew Wheeler about this issue, as well as year-round E-15 sales, during his confirmation hearing to be EPA Administrator. Read more in this week's column:
Corn corn ethanol production are vital components of SD's economy. Corn ethanol has taken a hit in recent years, due in part to the high number of waivers issued by EPA to small refineries. This has reduced the amount of ethanol required by the RFS.
South Dakotans: If you are in Washington to participate in the #MarchForLife, you're invited to a reception in my office tomorrow between 2-3 p.m. We're located in Hart 502.
We are accepting applications for summer 2019 internships in my DC, Sioux Falls, Rapid City and Pierre offices. Please apply by Feb 15. Info and application here:
Appreciate @SecretarySonny for continuing to provide relief to ag producers during the shutdown. @USDA just announced FSA offices are opening Jan 17, 18 21 to provide limited, specific services. More info here:
Appreciated the chance to reiterate the need for year-round E-15 sales to Andrew Wheeler during his confirmation hearing. Year-round sales of E-15 would be huge win for corn/corn ethanol producers in South Dakota. More about our exchange here:
Congratulations to the @USD Beacom School of Business for having two graduate programs ranked nationally as 2019's Best Online Programs by @USNewsEducation. South Dakota continues to be an excellent place to receive a high-quality education.
I invite @POTUS to join me in visiting South Dakota’s tribal communities. We must strive to always work together, improve relationships, celebrate our diversity and mend our history through reconciliation mutual respect.
The Wounded Knee Massacre was one of the darkest moments in our history. It should never be used as a punchline.
SD, where the Wounded Knee Massacre took place, is currently home to nearly 80k enrolled tribal members. On that day in 1890 more than 200 Lakota men, women and children were killed.
Congratulations to my friend Dana Dykhouse on being elected chair of the State Chamber Board. As a leader, Dana will strive to move South Dakota forward.
Pleased to join the SD Rural Electric Association at their annual convention today. Our rural electric co-ops provide a vital service to countless South Dakota families and businesses. Thank you, @SDCOOPPower for all you do provide affordable, reliable power across the state!
Joined @BloombergTV this week to discuss the impact the partial gov't shutdown is having on South Dakotans. It's time to end the shutdown and strengthen border security.
What a positive experience for Dillon Nelson from Pine Ridge. The lessons you learned during this fellowship at @SDState will have an impact for years to come. Congratulations and good work!
Great having Drs. Wayne and Crystal Pauli in Washington, D.C., today for the @NSAGov’s cyber research showcase. @DakotaState’s talented faculty and staff are highly-regarded in preparing tomorrow’s cyber workforce. Keep up the good work!
A great small business is expanding into South Dakota. It is expected they will create 60 jobs in Madison and have a $30 million impact on the area. Welcome to South Dakota, @trushrimp!
The veterans in my office have served the country in our armed forces, and working in a Senate office is an extension of that service. We’re grateful for the unique skills they bring to the job.
As a member of both the Senate Armed Services Committee and the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, being able to consult with the veteran staffers in my office about their experiences and seek their advice helps me to make well-informed decisions.
A @MilitaryTimes story out today shows fewer than 2% of congressional staff members are veterans. Many offices have no veterans on staff. We are fortunate to employ 5 veterans in our office, who work on many different issues important to SD.
Met w/ Acting EPA Administrator Andrew Wheeler to discuss year-round E15 sales. Also shared my concerns about the number of RFS waivers issued to refineries. Look fwd to supporting his nom to be EPA Admin when it comes before the EPW Committee this year.
Working to improve the ag economy remains a top priority, but times are tough for producers right now. I’m grateful to @AveraMcKennan for providing a free 24/7 counseling hotline for farmers, ranchers and families going through stressful times.
Rather than propping up this failing law, we need to work together to provide Americans w/ a truly affordable, patient-centered system that puts patients in control of their health decisions.
Over the past two years, Republicans in Congress worked to chip away at parts of Obamacare, including the elimination of the individual mandate and the removal of the Independent Payment Advisory Board, also known as the death panels.
The Dem-controlled House is making its priorities clear by voting today to protect Obamacare, a misguided law that is crumbling under its own weight costing SD families more and more each year.
Grateful to the @SD_Guard for their service to protect our nation as they head to the southern border.
The Children's Home Society plays a critical role in caring for youth in South Dakota by providing orphanage and adoption services. Thank you Denny for helping to continue to make this possible!
As the border crisis grows and more Americans are adversely affected by the partial shutdown, time is of essence. It is time to work together to find a solution that has bipartisan support in Congress and adequately addresses the president’s calls for enhanced border security.
Tonight, President Trump did an excellent job reinforcing to the American people why additional resources at our borders are necessary. Negotiators must come to the table to find a compromise that will strengthen border security and reopen government as quickly as possible.
Thank you, @SecretarySonny, for working to provide flexibility for SD producers affected by the partial shutdown. Nobody wins in a shutdown – both sides must recognize the need to compromise as we work to strengthen border security fully reopen government as soon as possible.
In the next few months, Congress is expected to vote on the #USMCA. I'm reviewing the proposal in full, and I encourage South Dakotans who are interested to read it share your thoughts/concerns with me. We've posted it to my website here:
With the 116th Congress in full swing, working to improve South Dakota’s ag economy remains a top priority for me. This includes opening new markets for our producers and finalizing trade deals like the #USMCA.
I'll be watching with anticipation @realDonaldTrump's address to the nation tonight at 8CT/7MT. Nobody wins in a shutdown. The American people expect results from the people they elect to Congress. It’s time to get it done.
I have the privilege of working as chairman of the Senate Armed Services Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, where we've focused on developing a strategy policies that enable us to respond rapidly effectively to cyber
Had the pleasure of visiting w/ Red Arndt in Sioux Falls today to thank him for his continued leadership of the Lewis Clark Regional Water System. Because of Red’s dedication, the Lewis Clark Regional Water System provides safe water to countless families across SD, MN IA.
Best wishes to @govkristinoem as she begins her term as governor today. I look forward to continuing to work with Gov. Noem to improve the quality of life for hardworking South Dakota families.
Fixing our broken appropriations process needs to be a priority for Congress this year. When we don’t finalize the bills to fund the government before the end of the fiscal year, it becomes easier for different factions in Congress to force a shutdown.
I would like to welcome my friend @RepJohnson to the #116thCongress. Had a chance to meet up with him in the Capitol right before he was sworn in today. He’ll do a great job and I look forward to working with him to make life better for South Dakotans. Welcome Dusty!
Welcome to the #116thCongress @MarshaBlackburn, @SenBraunIN, @SenKevinCramer, Sen. Josh Hawley, @SenMcSallyAZ, @SenatorRomney, @SenJackyRosen, @FLGovScott and @SenatorSinema. Let's get to work!
RT @AmericaNewsroom: THE HEADLINER: @SenatorRounds joins @BillHemmer and @SandraSmithFox at 10:30 AM EST #nine2noon
Wishing everyone a happy, prosperous New Year!
Hope you’ve had a great birthday, Harold! Jean and I wish you all the best in the year to come.
Jean and I wish you a very merry Christmas and a happy New Year!
As President Trump carefully weighs his next pick to lead @DeptofDefense, I strongly encourage him to look closely at Sec. Wilson
@SecAFOfficial Heather Wilson would be an excellent choice to be our next Sec. of Defense. A former president, her experience as Secretary of the Air Force, U.S. Congresswoman AF officer make her uniquely qualified for this vital role at a critical time in our history.
This holiday season, Jean and I wish you a very merry Christmas and a happy New Year. SD is the best place in the world because of our people. I'm thankful to be able to work on your behalf in the U.S. Senate.
As Defense Secretary, Mattis spent the last two years working to rebuild, modernize and maintain the force. We are sorry to lose his expertise at this critical time in our history.
We owe Secretary Mattis a debt of gratitude for his lifetime of service to our country. The world is a safer place because of his service.
Even the threat of a government shutdown can’t stop the 35th annual reindeer round-up! This little reindeer is our granddaughter Isabel.
.@POTUS just signed the 2018 farm bill into law!
The National Sheriffs' Association says the First Step Act went with ‘felons versus their Sheriffs.’ I agree, and that’s why I voted no.
China’s continued malicious cyber activity is a threat to our intellectual property,our national security and our entire economy.  The Trump administration is right to take strong action against their illegal cyber actions.
Very important considering the current delays some veterans are facing related to their GI Bill benefits. More on our bill here:
Last night, a bill I introduced with @maziehirono to provide helpful information transparency to veterans looking to enroll in school passed the Senate with unanimous support. Now heads to @POTUS to be signed into law.
A judge ruled Obamacare unconstitutional. As the massive, poorly-written law continues to crumble under its own weight, I'll continue to work to protect those with preexisting conditions and lower the cost of care for all Americans.
Congratulations to Spearfish High School student Sierra Hillard for receiving an offer of appointment to the U.S. Air Force Academy! I nominated Sierra earlier this year, and we wish her all the best at the Air Force Academy.
The revised #WOTUS rule gives farmers, ranchers landowners the certainty they need to know exactly when the Clean Water Act applies to them and when it does not. Read more in my op-ed for @TriStateNeighbr:
Honored to attend the activation ceremony of the Bravo Battery, 1-147th Field Artillery Battalion and 147th Forward Support Company in Yankton this morning. We are forever grateful for your service to our nation.
Appreciated the opportunity to attend the activation ceremony of the Cyber Protection Team in Rapid City this morning. Thanks for all you do to keep us safe!
Good luck to @GoJacksFB as they take on @NDSUfootball in the FCS Semifinals in Fargo tonight. Be safe as you travel north for the game. #gojacks
After months of negotiations, Congress passed a five-year farm bill with strong bipartisan support. This vital legislation will provide certainty for farmers ranchers across the country, especially in South Dakota where our economy depends on ag.
Great to see @USAirForce Secretary Heather Wilson (@secAFofficial) will be back in South Dakota speaking at @SDSMT commencement ceremony this weekend. Congratulations to the new graduates - go Rockers!
Today we send warm wishes to the @USNationalGuard on its 382nd birthday. Thank you to all National Guard members, past and present, especially @SD_Guard members who sacrifice to protect our freedoms and keep us safe.  #Guard382
Today I watched my friend @senorrinhatch deliver his farewell address on the Senate floor. Sen. Hatch has served the people of Utah for more than 4 decades. His wisdom, experience good humor will be missed in the Senate but we wish him well in retirement!
The farm bill includes tools that can help farmers and ranchers keep their operations viable even during tough times.
At a time when farm income is down 50 percent and our producers are at the tip of the spear with the ongoing trade disputes, passage of a five-year farm bill is a critical step toward providing our ag community with much needed certainty and stability.
The Senate just confirmed my counsel, Jonathan Kobes of Sioux Falls, to be a Circuit Judge on the Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. He will be an excellent judge, and I look forward to watching him excel in this position. My full statement:
The revised WOTUS rule gives farmers, ranchers and landowners the certainty they need to know when the Clean Water Act applies to them and when it does not. It's a win for landowners, the ag community states' rights.
RT @MarkWarner: My bipartisan legislation with @SenatorRounds expanding mortgage access for self-employed and #GigEconomy workers is an imp…
Honored to nominate 25 of South Dakota's best students to our nation's service academies for the 2019-2020 school year. Full list of students here:
Grateful to be back in Brookings today to celebrate the 10th anniversary of SDSU’s Research Park and Innovation Center. The partnerships fostered over the past decade have paved the way for SDSU to become a leader in Keep up the great work!
Today we honor the brave Americans who lost their lives at Pearl Harbor. To them and to all who have served, thank you.
Across the country, Americans are mourning the loss of President George H. W. Bush, who passed away on Nov. 30, 2018, at age 94. President Bush was an extraordinary man who exemplified everyday American values: faith, family and country. Column:
Today DOT awarded critical infrastructure grants to highway projects in Tea and on US Hwy 83 following multiple requests from @SenJohnThune myself. These projects will benefit the surrounding communities allow for increased transport of goods and commodities across the region
Christmas at the Capitol was recently named one of the best Christmas tree displays in the world, in the ranks of Paris and New York City. If you are in Pierre around the holidays, I encourage you to stop by and see it for yourself!
