When I joined the U.S. Army Reserve in 1992, there were no female four-star generals. Seeing all of these women in senior and leadership roles makes me proud. Our military can only benefit when women achieve success and reach the very highest positions. #InternationalWomansDay
Working families deserve the chance to get ahead, but increasing costs of raising a family have made it more difficult. Proud to work w/@SenatorBennet and @SenSherrodBrown to reintroduce the #AmericanFamilyAct, which will help reduce child poverty by ~40%
I want girls to learn on #InternationalWomensDay that you can be anything and you can do anything. Life is not about avoiding failure, it’s about continuing to try. Even if it doesn’t work out, as long as you keep trying, that’s where the victories come. #IWD2019
The new data also illustrates why @EPA must immediately begin air quality monitoring outside of Medline and Vantage – the two facilities in Lake County, IL that produce EtO emissions – so we can determine if they pose a public health threat. We cannot afford any more delays.
This alarming data further confirms that Willowbrook and the surrounding community have been exposed to high concentrations of cancer-causing emissions from Sterigenics. @SenatorDurbin and I are calling on @EPA to immediately update its safety standards
Saddened to learn of the deaths of two soldiers, Sgt. Bolinski Spc. Johnson, who were supporting Operation Inherent Resolve in Kuwait. Both of them were assigned to the 657th Transportation Company based in Mt. Vernon, IL. My heart goes out to their friends, family loved ones
Having a hearing on gun violence is a good first step. I joined @ChrisMurphyCT in calling for a Senate hearing earlier this week as the epidemic of gun violence continues to impact communities close to home and throughout our nation. Background checks save lives.
RT @NCLC4consumers: On #IWD2019, we’re thrilled to be able to say that the new #PhoneJustice bill will be named after Martha Wright-Reed, a…
So great to see that the PROVE Act - intro’d by @RepDonBeyer and I - successfully passed the House! It’s so important to ensure young voters are able to pre-register to vote, and I urge the Senate to follow suit.Read more about it
That's why I'm proud to support @SenDougJones' bipartisan bill that fulfills our commitment to the spouses of the brave men and women who were willing to put their lives in danger to defend our country.
Current law prevents more than 65,000 military widows from accessing the full survivor benefits earned by their fallen loved ones, placing an unfair burden on these spouses who are already struggling with raising children, paying their mortgages and so much more...
The Paul Manafort sentencing is a good reminder of why we need to strengthen #FARA enforcement. Read more about my bill to do that here
This is an important step. when lobbyists hide their relationships with foreign governments, it is not just a conflict of interest – it is dangerous to our national security.
Welcome to the club no one wants to join, Woodie. We are paws-itively  sure that you will still be able to chase squirrels. Thank you to the team of Veterinarians prosthetic experts at Joliet Junior College for giving Woodie a new leash on life!
During #NSBW19, we should all think about how hard it is to learn when you’re hungry and remember just how important keeping children from going hungry is to the strength of our nation.
After my father lost his job when I was a teenager, food stamps and reduced price meals at school helped keep me from going hungry. I wasn’t alone, either: millions of children across our nation rely on #SchoolBreakfast and other nutritious meals too.
We need to pass sensible legislation to address this gun violence epidemic. Known violent criminals should not have access to firearms.
This is just devastating for the city of Rockford, the Crystal Lake community and for Deputy Keltner’s family. My thoughts and prayers are with them and with the McHenry County Sheriff’s office.
Good to meet with General Robert Neller of the @USMC to discuss our nation's readiness.
Monitoring the situation in Rockford and Lincoln right now. My thoughts are with the officer wounded, his family and residents impacted by the situation. I’m grateful for local law enforcement’s bravery and quick response.
Glad to meet our two Illinois students in the @SenateYouth Program this spring! Thank you for your hard work in Congress and dedication to public service.
...and ensure they have what they need to heal and be able to resume the careers they dreamt about from the time they entered the military.
As a former commander of an assault helicopter company, I want to know what else can be done beyond successful prosecutions that bring perpetrators to justice to make the lives of survivors better...
I am in awe of the bravery shown today by the survivors who testified before the Senate by my colleague, @SenMcSallyAZ. I agree the military has utterly failed at handling sexual assault through the Uniform Code of Military Justice process will push for meaningful reforms.
That’s why @SenatorDurbin I wrote to @USDOTFHWA yesterday urging them to immediately release the $475 million we secured in the recently passed appropriations bill to put people back to work and repair bridges across Illinois.
Spoke w/ Joliet Mayor O’Dekirk today about the critical need to invest in our infrastructure and repair the I-80 bridge over the Des Plaines River. This isn’t only a problem in Joliet, there are 2,642 bridges across Illinois that desperately need repairs.
Had a great meeting with @A4GL today. I’ll keep working with organizations like the Alliance for the Great Lakes to do everything we can to restore the Great Lakes, help maintain our vibrant $7 billion fishing industry and ensure our water is clean for families in Illinois.
Enjoyed meeting with @NALC_National earlier today. Thank you, letter carriers, for your hard work delivering mail to 152 million homes and businesses across our nation—sleet, snow, rain or shine.
I will vote NO on confirming Eric Murphy to serve a lifetime appointment on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. This judicial nominee’s record on civil rights is deeply troubling and I have no confidence that he will be an impartial and fair jurist.
Good to meet with officials from McHenry County who were on Capitol Hill earlier this week to discuss local priorities.
Chicagoland is the busiest rail and freight hub in the nation. Earlier this week, @AAR_FreightRail President Ian Jeffries and I discussed how we can help reduce congestion and delays while improving rail infrastructure and implementing safety measures like Positive Train Control.
RT @tedcoxchicago: U.S. @SenDuckworth @SenatorDurbin seek immediate release of federal funds they secured in recent appropriations bill for…
Ensuring the readiness of our @USNationalGuard is important to the strength of our nation and is also one of my priorities in the Senate—I’m glad I had the opportunity to meet with General Joseph Lengyel, the NG Bureau Chief, yesterday.
Today, I met with executives from @Metra to discuss their efforts to implement Positive Train Control and the impacts of last week’s equipment failure at @ChiUnionStation.
Rolling back #netneutrality was a senseless way for Trump and @FCC Chairman Pai to gain favor with big corporations despite potential consequences for everyday Americans. I'm working w/@SenMarkey to reinstate these rules to keep the internet accessible for all.
This situation is absolutely unacceptable. Hundreds of students' livelihoods are at stake and #Argosy must be held accountable. My office can be a resource for impacted students so if you know anyone who is affected, please encourage them to reach out to my office.
Glad to meet with the @USCG 9th District Commander, Rear Admiral Joanna Nunan, yesterday to discuss the impact the longest government shutdown in our history had on Coast Guard readiness and national security.
I’m so glad to have met with these Women Veteran trailblazers yesterday afternoon, thank you for your service and continued advocacy for Veterans across the nation.
...We should *all* earn equal pay for equal work, and this #AAPIEqualPay Day, we still have a lot of work to do.
The average AAPI woman who worked all of last year up to today finally earned what the average male in America earned in 2018. Black women, Native women, Latina women—all women—will have to work even longer to earn the same amount the average man earned in 365 days last year...
We talked about the procedures Amtrak is adopting to ensure this kind of incident does not happen again how Amtrak must prioritize the installation of safety measures like Positive Train Control. Read the letter @SenatorDurbin and I wrote on this here:
I spoke with Amtrak CEO Richard Anderson today to follow up on last week’s catastrophic signal failure at Chicago’s Union Station that left 100,000+ riders stranded and ask why it took more than 12 hours to fix the problem.
I strongly oppose Chad Readler’s nomination to the 6th Circuit. He supported insurance companies’ efforts to deny coverage for pre-existing conditions. He doesn't deserve a lifetime appointment. @SenateDems are united in opposing this nom I call on my GOP colleagues to join us.
I’m voting NO on the nomination of Allison Jones Rushing to serve a lifetime appointment on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit because I have no confidence this nominee would be a fair and impartial jurist when it comes to vital civil rights and worker rights issues.
They worked in difficult and dangerous conditions to provide a good life for their families. When they retired, their pensions and health care were supposed to be there for them. Congress needs to fix this crisis + protect the benefits these workers were promised #TheyEarnedIt
This week, we will have our second hearing on this critical military readiness issue in the Senate and I intend to press our military’s leaders on what actions they will take moving forward.
The living conditions at many military bases across our country are entirely unacceptable and must be addressed immediately. No family should live in a home that puts their safety and health at risk, especially the families of those charged with protecting our country.
I was honored to meet with Her Excellency Bayan Rahman of Kurdistan and the Foreign Minister Falah Mustafah earlier this week to discuss helping support healthy relations between Iraq and the Kurdistan Regional Government.
This #WomensHistoryMonth, let’s take a moment to remember all the contributions women have made to our nation, thank the women who made progress possible and rededicate ourselves making sure our daughters have every opportunity they deserve.
You can read my full 115th Congress in review here:
You can read about this here:
You can read about this here:
You can read about this here:
You can read about this here:
You can read about this here:
You can read about this here:
I’m proud of the work we’ve done and what we’ve accomplished for the hardworking people of Illinois during my first two years in the Senate. Here are some of the highlights in the 115th Congress:
So from this former @PPact patient, let me just say this: no matter what Trump does, I will *never* stop working to ensure that every college student in need of a waitressing job, woman American has the healthcare they need. It’s the least they deserve.
To the President: #HowDareYou put partisan games over women’s health. How dare you risk lives to score points with your base. How dare you try to turn women into second-class citizens.
He refuses to acknowledge the 60,000 people Planned Parenthood serves in Illinois alone every year. The 7,000 Illinoisans who rely on its clinics for cancer screenings year in and year out.
Donald Trump doesn’t seem to get what’s at stake. He doesn’t seem to care that he’s making it harder for predominantly low-income Americans to access the care they desperately need.
I was only able to pay for college through a heck of a lot of waitressing. But I needed to have a physical to even get that job. So I went to @PPact for that basic care, because that’s all I could afford on a student’s budget.
Shameful, sexist and just plain dangerous. The Trump Admin’s #GagRule shows that it cares more about political stunts than the 2.7 million Americans who rely on Planned Parenthood for basic, lifesaving healthcare every year. *I* was one of these Americans...
The 100,000+ commuters impacted by @ChiUnionStation signal issues yesterday deserve a better explanation. @SenatorDurbin and I are urging @Amtrak to be transparent about what happened and develop new procedures to ensure it does not happen again.
One of the best ways we can give back to our country is by dedicating ourselves to service. The @PeaceCorps has allowed the very best of us to serve in grassroots-driven and long-lasting ways across the globe. Congratulations on 58 years of service!
Proud to join @SenatorDurbin, @RepBillFoster @RepUnderwood in introducing legislation to honor the five lives we lost last month in Aurora – Travor, Clayton, Vincente, Russell and Josh. My heart is with their families, friends the brave first responders and the city of Aurora.
I'm glad that so far he's followed through on his promise to make himself accessible, but he should know that I’ll continue to hold him accountable if and when his agency’s policies fail to protect American families. Read my full statement here →
There are a number of reasons I voted against Andrew Wheeler’s confirmation as @EPA administrator—including his refusal to address climate change, his agency’s handling of the Sterigenics crisis his penchant for choosing big polluters over American farmers.
.@VOAofIL Volunteers help serve communities that need it most across Illinois. Glad to have met with them this afternoon to chat about how important service is for our nation.
That’s one reason I’m proud to join @ChrisVanHollen, @RepDonBeyer and @SenFeinstein to reintroduce legislation today to help young Americans become more civically engaged.
The right to vote is a founding tenet of our democracy, and it's strength depends upon the participation of the American people. We should be doing everything we can to make it easier – not harder – for Americans to access the ballot box.
100%. I'm glad to have helped the ppl of Willowbrook work to #StopSterigenics to have introduced legislation to help communities who are undertaking similar fights across this country. No family should breathe toxic air regardless of where they live or how much $ they have.
We must be clear that any deal will require full accounting of DPRK’s nuclear program, which allows the robust verification measures needed to ensure compliance. Read my full statement on how we can force Kim Jong Un to return to the negotiating table: ️
I'm relieved the U.S. refused to end sanctions in return for the dismantling of only one of Kim Jong Un’s many nuclear sites and that the administration did not sacrifice our leverage simply for the optics of making a deal.
RT @ELPCenter: .@SenDuckworth – thank you for highlighting the disproportionate impact of #climatechange on communities of color on the Sen…
There are a lot of reasons I oppose Mr. Wheeler’s nomination to be EPA administrator--here are five of them:
This is another reason to be concerned over the Trump Administration’s failure to articulate an agreed upon definition with the DPRK of what “denuclearization” actually means.
This is bad news. Let’s be clear: if north Korea does not have to disclose its nuclear weapons program, it will be impossible to demand all its facilities be dismantled or verify whether Kim Jong Un is complying with any deal.
We need to lower the barriers that deter survivors of military sexual trauma from reporting incidents when they happen. I spoke with military leaders at today’s Armed Services Committee hearing about how we can make it easier for survivors to come forward:
I’m pleased that the House of Representatives finally took action on this commonsense legislation to expand background checks, now Mitch McConnell needs to let us vote on it in the Senate ASAP.
RT @SecArmy: Thank you @SenDuckworth for your service and for all you do to help keep our @USArmy strong and ready.
RT @CleanAirMoms: "Let's be clear: for children, there is no safe level of lead allowable in drinking water. Imagine if your child got sick…
This week, I held my first hearing as Ranking Member of the Transportation Safety Subcommittee on the need to improve our infrastructure. Thanks @Onto2050's Joe Szabo for testifying on how we can reduce congestion bottlenecks in the Chicagoland
Today, I met with @TRANSCOM General Lyons to discuss efficient mobility operations and how we can better sustain our forces and operations abroad.
The U.S. Military is the strongest military in the world, and I want to make sure it stays that way—so I was glad to meet with @SecArmy Dr. Mark T. Esper today and I look forward to working with him in my new role on the Senate Armed Services Committee.
EPA’s enforcement actions under the Clean Air Act dropped by 40% in 2018 to their lowest levels in more than ten years! Families in IL and across the country are being poisoned by known toxins and @EPA's failure to hold them accountable is unacceptable.
Climate change is one of the gravest environmental, economic and national security threats of our time. We’re already experiencing its devastating effects across our country. I’m glad to join @SenatorCarper in intro'ing this resolution calling on Congress to take immediate action
Unfortunately, Trump’s willingness to discard the recommendations of our military leaders and the intelligence community in favor of any dictator or despot who plays to his ego does not leave me optimistic that a good deal with Kim Jong Un will be reached...
Donald Trump accomplished little during the 1st summit aside from elevating a brutal, cruel dictator on the world stage. It's critical for this meeting to not just be another PR stunt and that POTUS obtain measurable verifiable commitments to denuclearize the Korean Peninsula.
Donald Trump's decision to declare a National Emergency to try to fulfill a campaign promise undermines the Constitution. I’m glad the House of Representatives is pushing back on this reckless abuse of power and urge Senate Republicans who’ve been critical of this to do the same.
This is exactly why Congress must debate and replace our outdated AUMF and give Americans a chance to weigh the costs of war. Our troops will carry out any mission they’re asked to, but that courage is not matched by some representing them Congress.
Good meeting with General Mark Milley, the choice to be the next Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to discuss how we can better ensure our servicemembers are trained and equipped to fight for our nation.
This legislation is an important step in continuing to expand healthcare coverage for women, like the 144,000 who undergo mastectomies annually. I’ll keep working to ensure survivors and all women have access to the healthcare they need.
We can do so much more to help survivors of breast cancer return to health and achieve the best quality of life. That's why I'm introducing the Breast Cancer Patient Equity Act with @lisamurkowski, @RepJudyChu @RepWalorski
Proud to be working across the aisle with @sendavidperdue to modernize our nation's aging airport infrastructure by allowing airport projects to access cheaper public and private and private capital financing.
I thanked the @AmericanLegion for its support in helping me establish new laws authorizing Veteran-owned small businesses to obtain federal surplus personal property free of charge except for nominal fees and honoring Chinese American World War II Veterans.
I was happy to chat with some long-time friends who are in town to represent the Illinois Department of @AmericanLegion on behalf of better serving our nation’s Veterans and their families.
I really enjoyed catching up with many Illinois friends in town for the Disabled American Veterans mid-year Winter Meeting. Serving Veterans is my life’s mission, I look forward to working with @DAVHQ to make sure our nation #KeepThePromise made to Veterans and their families.
Proud to see @GovPritzker taking on tough issues so soon, I enjoyed our discussion last night and look forward to working with our new Governor, @SenatorDurbin and our entire Illinois delegation in the coming years to help families across our state.
It’s unconscionable that our 9/11 First Responders might not receive the care they need, even after being diagnosed with 9/11-related illnesses. Congress must act to ensure that none of these heroes are robbed of the care they
RT @ReproRights: . @SenDuckworth: "The goal here is obvious: to bully doctors out of giving reproductive care, to scare them out of busines…
TUNE IN: I’m about to speak on the Senate floor against a *new* GOP attack on women’s rights:
We’ve lost a true patriot. Jill was a dear friend and I am in absolute shock over her loss.
A facility near several schools on the SE Side of Chicago is violating the Clean Air Act by releasing dangerous amounts of a neurotoxin that harms brain development into the air. @SenatorDurbin, @RepRobinKelly I are demanding @EPA take immediate action.
Thanks for having me on your podcast, @MotherlyMedia —it was so great to chat about how being a mother makes me a better legislator and advocate for families across our nation!
Had a great discussion earlier this week with @davidaxelrod at @UChiPolitics / @PearsonInst on the importance of public service and American leadership around the world.
Just like millions of people, I depended on @PPFA to provide quality care while I was putting myself through school and working as a waitress. We need to continue pushing back against these attacks on affordable and accessible health care. #NoGagRule
The Trump Administration’s Domestic Gag Rule would make it harder for low-income, uninsured or under-insured Illinoisans to access affordable and reproductive health care.
Not only is this disheartening news, but I worry it'll make it harder for people of color, especially LGBTQ people of color, to report hate crimes, which we know have been on the rise in recent years.
Just attended an on-campus vigil in remembrance of @NIUlive student Trevor Wehner alumnus Clayton Parks, who were taken from us in last week’s #AuroraShooting along w/Vicente Juarez, Russell Beyer and Josh Pinkard. This was yet another preventable tragedy—we need to take action
Proud to celebrate the 5-year anniversary of @DMDII and announce continued funding for both @UILABS_ and @DMDII_ alongside @SenatorDurbin, @GovPritzker and @RepHaleyStevens today. As a Veteran, I'm especially thankful DMDII is working to support our servicemembers.
Mr. Wehrum has spent his career putting profits ahead of the health and well-being of his fellow Americans. Stories like this are deeply concerning and are one of the reasons I placed a hold on his nomination.
I wrote to @EPA Assistant Admin Bill Wehrum urging them to update their EtO safety standards, to be more transparent with the public to begin air quality monitoring in Lake County. We must know how serious of a public health threat these facilities pose.
These residents have every right to be outraged: the Trump EPA is letting them down and refusing to take basic steps to determine whether thousands of families are breathing in toxic chemicals every day.
RT @UChiPolitics: Join us live as we welcome @SenDuckworth to the IOP for a conversation with @davidaxelrod &gt;
RT @thebeatdc: .@CAPAC members @SenDuckworth, @MazieHirono, and @RepMarkTakano want to prevent race-based imprisonment of Americans.
That’s one reason I’m pleased to join @SteveDaines in supporting the bipartisan Fairness for Breastfeeding Mothers Act, which will help ensure new parents will have access to hygienic lactation rooms in all public federal buildings.
Breastfeeding has long-lasting health benefits that protect mothers children from illnesses. We should continue to build on the progress made by the FAM Act in making it easier for moms children to find clean accessible spaces to express breastmilk.
John Glenn inspired our nation’s imagination by being the first American to orbit Earth in the Mercury Friendship 7. � From Ohio to Orbit to his seat in the Senate, John’s bravery and dedication to service should inspire all of us to shoot for the stars.
It’s a good day for Illinois. A strong minimum wage levels the playing field for businesses who value their workers, helps to boost the economy and can help better support families across our state struggling to scrape by.
75 years ago today, the U.S. gov. adopted Executive Order 9066 which wrongfully interned more than 120,000 Japanese-Americans. This #DayofRemembrance let’s work to finally pass legislation that would ensure a national tragedy like this never happens again.
Depriving Victor Valladares Diaz of his prosthetic limbs robbed him of his was wrong unjust. Today, I asked the DHS Acting Inspector General to launch an independent investigation into whether ICE violated its policy by discriminating against people with disabilities
.@SenatorDurbin and I – and our colleagues in the House – will continue to demand @EPA do its job and update its safety standards. And we will push to pass legislation to ensure these kinds of health risks are never hidden from the public again.
I support the @ILEPA taking strong actions against Sterigenics. Sterigenics has been exposing its neighbors and its workers to cancer-causing emissions and toxic chemicals while the Trump Administration failed to act, creating a public health emergency.
RT @scottbix: .@SenDuckworth is calling for an independent investigation into whether ICE violated its policy prohibiting discrimination ag…
I am proud of these educators for speaking up and demanding their voices be heard. When educators and teachers are given the resources they need - our students succeed.
RT @PaulLisnek: Thanks US Senator Tammy Duckworth for coming in to appear on Politics Tonight to talk about the President's declaring a nat…
Joined @ThisWeekABC this morning to discuss how the President’s decision to steal funds from the military and national defense is harmful to our country. Watch here:
I’m live on @ThisWeekABC ! Tune in.
I’ll be live this morning at 9:09 ET/8:09 CT, be sure to tune in!
RT @ThisWeekABC: Sunday on "This Week," @MarthaRaddatz talks to Armed Services Committee Dem @SenDuckworth about Pres. Trump’s national eme…
RT @nereidamorenos: Sen. Tammy Duckworth (D-IL) says President Trump will waste billions of taxpayer dollars by declaring this "fake" natio…
My heart hurts for the victims, their families, the brave first responders, Aurora and all of Illinois right now. Our nation’s epidemic of deadly gun violence is a real national emergency.
I am monitoring the situation in Aurora, Illinois. This is a scary, sad day for all Illinoisans and Americans. Thank you to the brave first responders who risked their lives this afternoon and apprehended the shooter.
I'm proud to introduce the Korematsu-Takai Civil Liberties Protection Act with @maziehirono @RepMarkTakano to honor the courage of Fred Korematsu, and in remembrance of my friend and former colleague Mark Takai. We must never repeat such shameful acts.
We, as a nation, must never forget or repeat the horrors thousands of Japanese Americans experienced as prisoners within our own borders. We must also continue to do everything we can to ensure such a national travesty never happens again.
This #FakeTrumpEmergency is a reckless unprecedented abuse of presidential power, not to mention a waste of billions of taxpayer dollars. It would steal money from our military critical drug apprehension efforts to construct a needless, medieval wall. This is terrible policy.
99 years ago today, the League of Women Voters was founded by Carrie Chapman Catt (front row, third from left) and has helped inform voters and promote fair and unrestricted voting access across our nation.
I’m proud to join @SenKamalaHarris, @SenBooker,  @SenatorTimScott and @SenatorDurbin in reintroducing this legislation that unanimously passed the Senate to finally make lynching a federal crime and send an important message that hate has no place here.
Those who forget their history are doomed to repeat it. We must acknowledge our nation’s terrible history of lynching – and the federal government’s repeated failure to intervene – if we are to stem the increase in hate crimes that have shaken us to our core in recent years.
I hope he backs down from his reckless threat to engage in an unprecedented abuse of presidential power by wasting billions of taxpayer dollars on a made-up national emergency that will likely be blocked by the courts.
This bipartisan deal responsibly includes funding to secure our border with the use of 21st century technology w/out wasting billions on the medieval border wall Donald Trump promised Mexico would pay for. I urge the President to sign it into law ASAP to prevent another shutdown.
It increases our investments in infrastructure, public health and environmental safety and it provides local communities with more resources to address the opioid epidemic.
Instead of forcing federal workers and their families to once again go without pay, this deal gives them a well-deserved cost-of-living increase.
This bipartisan deal is not perfect, but it prevents another wasteful and unnecessary government shutdown that hurts our economy and holds the paychecks of hundreds of thousands of government employees and contractors hostage.
Thank you Best22 team of the @IL_Natl_Guard for flying a flag for us in Afghanistan. More importantly, thank you for your continued service!
I joined @SenatorDurbin for our Constituent Coffee today to hear from Illinoisans on key issues. Thank you to all who came and made your voices heard!
Abigail made me a necklace for Valentine’s Day �
Since the tragic shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas HS one year ago, almost 1,200 more children have been killed by gun violence. TWELVE. HUNDRED. CHILDREN. Enough is enough—it’s past time to pass reasonable reforms to protect our children from needless, preventable violence.
Earlier this year, my bill to help Veteran #smallbiz owners start grow their businesses by giving them access to surplus federal assets equipment was signed into law. Today, I asked @SBAgov for a timeline of when they’ll be able to take advantage of this new program.
The successes we’re having in the @INDOPACOM region diplomatically and politically stem from the fact that we have a solid alliance militarily between U.S., Korea and Japan, and that must remain strong in order for us to move forward on the other fronts.
Today, my colleagues I wrote to @EPA asking them to take 7 IMMEDIATE steps to protect the communities Willowbrook from #Sterigenics’ cancer-causing emissions. It's time for @EPA to move from fact-finding to acting on this public health crisis.
Enjoyed meeting with @AmerJail this week to discuss the importance of helping incarcerated individuals stay in touch with their loved ones by lowering the unreasonable cost of inmate call rates. I’m thankful to have their support on my Inmate Calling Technical Corrections Act.
Was honored to receive the @WaterwaysCouncl Leadership Service Award last night. Improving our waterways means strengthening our nation’s security and economy, so I promise to keep working to rebuild America’s infrastructure one bill, one barge, one lock and dam at a time.
I was proud to introduce bipartisan legislation today with @CongressmanRuiz in honor of Commander Bauer and other fallen heroes that will cut red tape and make it easier for these families to pay off their debts, invest in education and make mortgage payments.
One year ago, Chicago Police Commander Paul Bauer was killed in the line of duty, protecting us from harm. Our nation can do much more to support the families of first responders like Bauer who lost their life protecting us from harm.
That’s why I was proud to join @SenatorDurbin  my colleagues in introducing two bills today to make sure the EPA immediately updates its safety standards and is transparent with the public about the health risks they face as soon as they are discovered:
The Trump Administration is failing to protect Americans from breathing in toxic air, and that’s absolutely unacceptable. The EPA must do more to protect Illinoisans from cancer-causing emissions like ethylene oxide.
Ten score and ten years ago Abraham Lincoln was born, and today the Senate honored his memory by passing legislation that would expand the Lincoln National Heritage Area.
Glad to meet with the Illinois Community College Trustees this afternoon to discuss the importance of making college education affordable for working families, developing career training curriculum and expanding opportunities for Veterans.
I’m proud to join @gillibrandny in introducing the #FAMILYAct to expand paid leave for all Americans and fix the status quo forces so many women and families into poverty.
No one should be fired for taking time off to care for a loved one, like my husband was after he used all of his unpaid leave to be by my hospital bedside after I was wounded in Iraq...
Every new parent should be able to take those exhausting, emotional, irreplaceable first few weeks with their baby without having to forgo their paycheck or lose their job, just like I was fortunate enough to do last spring after giving birth to my second daughter...
Far too many Americans are still forced to choose between having a career and taking time off to care for a newborn or tend to an ailing loved one...
Glad to meet with @ILTreasurer Mike Frerichs to discuss enhancing our state’s ABLE program so individuals with disabilities and their families can save money and strengthen their financial independence.
After the 1908 Race Riots in Springfield, activists worked together to found the @NAACP, dedicating it to promoting equality and eradicating prejudice. Today, 110 years after the organization’s founding, let’s redouble our efforts to achieve a more just, equal society.
Happy birthday to President Lincoln, an Illinoisan whose vision and moral compass continue to shape our country.
Met with several IL @AFGENational members today to hear how the recent #TrumpShutdown impacted their lives and the continued uncertainty they face under the Trump administration. I will do everything possible to ensure federal workers are fairly compensated for their work.
Proud to announce @IDOT_Illinois will receive more than $5 million to improve rail speed and reliability in southern Illinois. This critical funding to improve the Lenox Interlocking System will reduce delays and bring local jobs to Madison County.
4 years ago today the Clay Hunt SAV Act I helped write to reduce Veteran suicide became law. I’m proud of the progress we’ve made, but we must do more. I will continue fighting on behalf of Veterans to provide them with the care they deserve.
I’m proud to join @SenatorMenendez and @SenatorDurbin in introducing legislation to fully restore the state and local tax (SALT) deduction and protect middle class families from the #GOPTaxScam.
With tax-filing season underway, hardworking Illinoisans are being double-taxed because of the tax law the GOP jammed through Congress to give billionaires a handout they didn’t need.
Good. I’ve been working on this issue and remain deeply troubled by the Trump Admin’s contempt for gov’t transparency. Swampy influence peddling erodes trust in the @DeptVetAffairs and worse, interferes with the critical mission of caring for our Veterans.
Very sad to hear about the passing of Fred Foster. Offering my sincerest condolences to @RepBillFoster during this difficult time.
I strongly support the Chicago teachers who are participating in the #CICSStrike. Educators and teachers must be given the resources they need to help our students succeed. CICS must bargain in good faith on fair wages and educational justice for students.
My deepest sympathies to @RepMikeQuigley and his family on the passing of Bill Quigley. He sounds like he was a great man who proudly served his country and gave back to his community
I am proud to join @ChrisMurphyCT and @SenatorDurbin in introducing this important bill to require a code of ethics for Supreme Court justices, ensuring neutrality and transparency.
It is irresponsible to exempt Supreme Court justices from the Code of Conduct that every other federal judge must abide by. In order to preserve the integrity of the justice system, we must hold justices to the same standard of ethics.
His final message of hope and love for America from a true public servant of the highest caliber.
My Veterans Small Business Enhancement Act allows Veteran #SmallBiz owners to acquire the fed gov't has no use for free of charge, w/the recipient only covering nominal costs. To Vets who own or are looking to start businesses, this is for you.
That's why I’m proud to join @SenatorTester, Senator @lisamurkowski and Rep. @chelliepingree in co-sponsoring the Servicemember and Veterans’ Empowerment and Support Act to improve resources and care for survivors of military sexual trauma.
No one should ever have to experience sexual trauma, especially our brave men and women in uniform. We must make reporting and seeking care for military sexual assault easier, and we owe it to survivors of military sexual trauma to give them the support they need and deserve.
I’m proud to join @SenatorTomUdall, @SenatorDurbin and my other colleagues in this effort to defend our national parks against the Trump Administration’s attacks.
Our national monuments and public lands are essential for wildlife preservation, environmental protection and outdoor fun.
Very sad news. @JohnDingell always sped by me in his scooter calling “keep up Tammy,” racing for the elevator to go cast our votes. I never won always marveled at this great public servant who was also my arch nemesis in the wheelchair elevator wars
But rather than addressing these causes head on, the Trump Administration is slashing the budgets of many agencies that could both help address the root causes and increase security for our servicemembers overseas.
At today’s Senate Armed Services Committee Hearing, our military leaders made it clear to me that the one root cause of many of the security challenges they face in South America and Africa is poverty hunger—things that cause people to search for a better life.
@SenatorDurbin and I are calling on @DeptVetAffairs, @CDCgov and @EPA to participate in the Illinois Legionnaires’ Task Force to assist in investigating this potential Legionella-linked death and address this public health issue.
The tragic death of a Veteran that may have resulted from Legionnaires’ disease acquired while living in the Illinois Veterans Home in Manteno is a sobering reminder of the need to urgently address the daunting public health challenge posed by Legionella contamination.
Good to meet with General Abrams and Japanese Ambassador Sugiyama today to discuss the current state of affairs on Korean Peninsula and the state of the U.S.-Japan alliance.
As the senior-most Dem on the Senate Transportation and Safety Subcommittee, one of my top priorities is helping our region grow. I enjoyed discussing my work on the committee to secure more infrastructure investments for Illinois with the @STLRegChamber.
So glad those using wheelchairs can now experience the beauty of Machu Picchu!
The Trump Administration is siding with predatory lenders over consumers and families. Letting these lenders off the hook will let them prey on even more Americans and cause real harm to families across the country.
Resolving our nation’s opioid crisis requires effort from officials at every level. Yesterday, @CADCA and I discussed substance abuse prevention and treatment in Illinois and how we can combat the epidemic.
Had a great meeting with Rock Island Mayor Mike Thoms and other leaders from the Quad Cities area yesterday to discuss bringing more economic development to the region.
Proud to join @SenBobCasey in introducing this important bill to expand job opportunities for individuals with disabilities and make workplaces more accessible. Our nation is stronger when everyone can fully participate in
We must protect all potential home-buyers from discrimination, which is why I was proud to join  @SenCortezMasto and @SenatorDurbin in introducing legislation to hold discriminatory lenders accountable and identify those that play by the rules.
Women and people of color still face discrimination in the housing market. Yet, Congress voted last year to roll back Dodd-Frank protections, making it more difficult for Americans to know which banks engage in discriminatory or unfair lending practices.
Good to chat with @USAfricaCommand General Thomas D. Waldhauser yesterday about how we can mitigate conflicts and support security, stability and prosperity.
If there’s a question in your mind about whether Brown v. Board of Education—the landmark Supreme Court case that helped end legal segregation in schools—was correctly decided, you should not be a federal judge. PERIOD.
