While the FDA is weakening its labeling guidelines, we will not give up this battle to protect Alaska’s world-class and sustainable fisheries and the right of fish consumers to know what they’re putting on their dinner plates. #Frankenfish
The FDA’s decision to allow genetically modified “salmon” for sale to everyday consumers without clear, discernable labeling is wrong totally unjustified. Families deserve to know when they’re serving their families wild Alaskan salmon versus some genetically modified fish.
Had a great visit with Alaska’s two @SenateYouth honorees – Avram Salzmann, of Homer, and Sadie Sands, of Dillingham. Congrats, Avram and Sadie, on this great recognition of your hard work and dedication to public service! #ussyp
Happy #InternationalWomensDay!  This year’s theme of #BalanceforBetter reminds us that although we’ve made a lot of progress, the work to increase opportunities for women is a long-term challenge. It’s worth it, though—it benefits all of us, everywhere.
The halls of Congress have been filled with veterans from across the country representing numerous VSOs. In the Senate @VAChair this week, we heard from @VFWHQ as they presented their legislative priorities. Glad to see some Alaskan faces in the
E-rate program has provided connectivity access to first-rate education for countless students, including in rural Alaska. @SenMarkey I cautioned @AjitPaiFCC that a vendor change for processing applications must not negatively impact kids schools.
You missed an epic Alaskan. @SenatorCarper even chimed in with his own tribute and lyrics from a well-known Bob Dylan
The #GreenNewDeal could have deadly serious consequences for many struggling communities. I spoke yesterday about this proposal and the impact that responsible resource development has had on the health and well-being of Alaskans.
I am so excited to wish Ayesha Abdul-Jillil, of Anchorage, and Demiko Colbert, of Fairbanks, the best of luck as they head to the 2019 @SpecialOlympics World Summer Games in Abu Dhabi! The @SpecialOlymAK team had a great send-off party for the athletes this week. #AbuDhabi2019
Students can earn up to $2,000 for a winning answer. Learn more about the contest by contacting Jason Ortiz at 907.677.6123, or by going to:
For young Alaskans interested in the rule of law, Alaska's U.S. District Court is asking students to submit an essay and video answering this compelling and timely question: "What is an 'unreasonable search and seizure in the digital age?'"
RT @SenateCommerce: WATCH LIVE: @SenDanSullivan convenes subcommittee hearing on the challenges for U.S. commerce posed by China. Click to…
Our Congressman, @repdonyoung, today became the longest continuously-serving Republican member of either the House or Senate in U.S. history! I couldn’t resist honoring him as our Alaskan of the Week.
There are few people who understand the cross-currents of U.S. interests, challenges, and history in the Middle East more than John Abizaid. I know he will serve his country as he always has: with integrity, honor and distinction.
Honored to introduce my friend former boss, General John Abizaid, this morning in his confirmation hearing to be the next U.S. Ambassador to Saudi Arabia.
RT @JuneauEmpire: "I’m optimistic that by continuing to enact good policies at the federal level and bringing investment dollars home to #A…
Alaska’s Congressman @RepDonYoung this week becomes the longest-serving Republican member in history. In celebration, here’s a throwback to @rollcall's interview with Don, exploring his one-of-a-kind office and the many stories behind it.
@Sen_JoeManchin @realDonaldTrump This is the kind of commonsense initiative that I have supported to create jobs for our veterans and bring great experience into our Merchant Marines.
As co-chair of the #Senate Veterans' Jobs Caucus with @Sen_JoeManchin, I applaud @realDonaldTrump’s executive order today making it easier for #Veterans to transition into the Merchant Marine.
Kudos to @BlairBraverman, an #Iditarod2019 musher from Wisconsin, on using her story-telling skills to give us all great insights about this uniquely Alaskan tradition. Blair is offline for the race, but you can still check out her previous updates for lots of “edutainment.”
Best wishes and safe travels to all of the 52 mushers and hardy dog teams making the 1,000 mile trek across mountain ranges and frozen streams to Nome! #Iditarod2019
Congratulations to Alaska's-own @RepDonYoung on being named the most effective member of Congress (as if there was any doubt). @lisamurkowski and I made the list too in the Senate:
Thank you, @realDonaldTrump, for taking the time to meet with our incredible service members at JBER, America’s elite Arctic warriors protecting our interests in the Arctic and Pacific regions.
@realDonaldTrump @SecPompeo We also have your back if China does not meet U.S. demands on its unfair and non-reciprocal trade practices.
Appreciate @realDonaldTrump and @SecPompeo’s hard work to denuclearize #NorthKorea. Never easy to walk away from such high stake summits, but it was the right call. The U.S. Senate backs your decision.
.@TSAIAirport has a fitting new tribute to its namesake — the man who, perhaps more than any other, helped build the #Alaska we love and enjoy today. Be sure to stop by for a selfie with Uncle Ted and take in the inspiring anecdotes and quotes from this seminal Alaskan leader.
Had a friendly dust-up with my doppelgänger @SenThomTillis about our states’ respective size. Cliff notes: #Alaska wins, 13 times over. Joking aside, we each represent proud #veterans communities, many of whom traveled hundreds thousands of miles for today’s @VAChair hearing.
Great news! Tonight the House passed Senator @lisamurkowski’s Lands Package, which includes a version of the #Alaska Native Veterans Land Allotment Equity Act, which I authored. The bill is now on its way for the President to sign.
Thank you, Sue Stone, for your heart and advocacy working to #EndAIDS, and representing Alaska well. @OneCampaign lifesaving programs like @PEPFAR are essential tools in the fight to end this epidemic.
@OfficialRondyAK We also stopped by the Bridge Builders of Anchorage “Meet the World” event, a kaleidoscope of colors and traditional dress from the many different cultural groups that form our community. It was great to see so many friends and talk with attendees at this great gathering.
Julie and I took in many of the  @OfficialRondyAK festivities this weekend, including the stunning snow sculptures, a wide array of crafts and, of course, the races! #FurRondy2019
Chatted with Deborah Rinio, librarian from @UAFairbanks @AKLibraryAssoc, about the #HourofCode, an initiative to introduce students to coding and computer programming, and prepare them for exciting 21st Century careers. About 120 #Alaska libraries are hosting events this year.
We had a full house this morning at our constituent coffee in D.C. Alaskans are in town from all over the state – Valdez, Mountain Village, Bethel, North Pole and Anchorage, among others. Thank you all for making the long trek!
I got schooled by the skilled young athletes in the Hoops4Unity basketball tournament at the Fairview Rec Center this weekend. The Center does an amazing job supporting the community giving kids a safe place to have fun and learn the values of sportsmanship and hard work. ��
Always have a fun time at the Alaska @SafariClubIntl banquet. This year’s theme was “Honoring Our Heroes” – appropriate for the many veterans in our state and in the crowd, including a special contingent of Purple Heart recipients.
@realDonaldTrump These brave members of our military will continue to ensure that violent extremist organizations do not undermine our national security or threaten the security of our allies. #Syria
Appreciate @RealDonaldTrump‘s recent decision to leave contingent of U.S. troops in #Syria. We cannot allow for the resurgence of ISIS nor permit Iran to increase its arc of influence in the region.
A big congrats to Mike Morgan and Chris Olds on taking home their second straight Iron Dog Championship! Best of luck to all of the teams still out finishing the 2,000 mile trek. #irondog
Southcentral had a bright, sunny start to the weekend. I had an interview with @ktva down at Earthquake Park overlooking downtown Anchorage and the Chugach. You never can beat the beauty of the Last Frontier.
The Legislature has an impressive slate of #veterans serving this year. Grateful to meet with some of these Alaskans who have continued giving to our state and their communities, even following their military service. #akleg
Honored to deliver my fifth annual address to the Alaska Legislature earlier today, highlighting my reasons for optimism for our great state and one Alaskan initiative that I think deserves the country’s attention. Take a look.
RT @Ch2KTUU: Sullivan talks about the economy, domestic fish on school lunch menus, domestic violence and energy in his address to the #akl…
RT @ktva: U.S. Sen. Dan Sullivan says that in his first two addresses to #akleg he was "worked up" about political gridlock, but says his p…
RT @kylehopkinsAK: Speaking to #akleg, @SenDanSullivan frames domestic violence and rape as Alaska's most pressing social problem. “We ha…
RT @kitchenman: .@SenDanSullivan speaks about Alaska's problem with sexual assault and domestic violence, and calls for #akleg to re-energi…
RT @JuneauEmpire: .@SenDanSullivan talked to the #akleg today about his optimistic vision for #Alaska's economy and an increasing military…
Good morning, Alaska! I’ll be delivering my address to the Legislature at 11:00, highlighting the work we’ve accomplished this past year the opportunities we have to advance Alaska’s interests in the new Congress. Watch live at #AKleg #AKgov
Now, it is our job on the #Veterans Affairs Committee to ensure these reforms are implemented correctly—and I’ll be watching closely.
The appeals reforms give #veterans three new – faster – options to resolve their cases, ranging from an average of 125 to 365 days.
Nearly two years ago, the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee embarked on a landmark reform package of the #veterans benefits appeals process, which was riddled in delays and failures. The VA announced today it has implemented these reforms.
The rates of suicide in rural communities is shocking, deeply saddening, and a crisis that deserves all of our attention. Proud to cosponsor legislation with @lisamurkowski @SenWarren ensuring Native leaders are engaged in the development of #SuicidePrevention programs.
America stands firmly with our friend,  India, the largest democracy in the history of the world, in condemning senseless acts of terrorism.
India is still reeling from one of the worst attacks that country has experienced in years, with more than 40 Central Reserve Police Officers killed in the #KashmirTerrorAttack.
Students across Alaska still re-enact her powerful address to the Territorial Legislature which changed the course of history for the better. Happy Elizabeth Peratrovich Day, Alaska!
Today we honor the memory and legacy of Elizabeth Peratrovich, a woman who fought against discrimination and inequality years before the civil rights movement.
Alaska lost a legend with the passing of former Lt. Gov. Jack Coghill. His life was chock-full of inspiring achievements and incredible milestones. Alaskans today mourn the loss of this great man, a founding father of the Last Frontier. Our prayers are with the Coghill family.
In honor of Valentine's Day, I spoke recently on the Senate floor about some of the incredible constituents I’ve been highlighting these past few years: our Alaskans of the Week. Take a look and Happy Valentine’s Day, Alaska!
My long-time staff member Connie McKenzie was honored with the Outstanding Service Award today at Southeast Conference’s Mid-Session Summit. Connie retired her post as Regional Director for both @lisamurkowski and me in Juneau. Best wishes and snowy ski trails, Connie.
For decades, a special group of Alaska Native veterans have suffered an injustice due to their service during the Vietnam War era. My colleagues and I today took a significant step toward righting this wrong. #LandsPackage2019
Alaskans know better than most the power of Mother Nature – earthquakes, floods, fires, storms, and eruptions – and the importance of preparedness. Here's a great opportunity for young Alaskans who are passionate about preparing their communities and keeping their neighbors safe!
We’re excited to have Dana assisting Alaskans in Southeast!
Congrats to Brent Sass who just minutes ago claimed his second Yukon Quest title. Best wishes to the 26 teams still out on the trail making their way to Fairbanks! #YQ2019
@ktva This is great news for the security of our country AND for Alaskan workers and contractors. Check out the full story here:
In case you missed it, I chatted with Scott Gross on @ktva about the $1.3 billion in military construction that #Alaska has seen over the past three years, primarily related to bolstering America’s missile defense system.
RT @Surgeon_General: Here’s an “official” pic - you know you’re meeting with folks from Alaska when DC is under a winter travel advisory, a…
When women are empowered to participate in the economic futures of their countries, stability prosperity invariably follow. It was an honor to join @IvankaTrump other members of the administration for the launch of the Women’s Global Development Prosperity Initiative #wgdp
@NFL He also served as the NFL's official "kid correspondent" at the big game. Great job, Camdyn!
Because of his commitment to football, and the challenges he has playing in #Alaska, Camdyn won the @NFL PLAY 60 Super Kid contest and delivered the official game ball to the officiating crew just before kickoff at Super Bowl LIII in Atlanta.
I was glad to recognize eight-year-old Juneau resident Camdyn Clancy on the Senate floor yesterday as our youngest-ever Alaskan of the Week.
But he feels a sense of duty to lead the Justice Department in the right direction. America will be lucky to have him. I look forward to voting for his confirmation.
Mr. Barr is a patriot. He didn’t have to take this job. He didn’t have to put his family through this process.
Specifically, I made sure to invite him to Alaska and highlighted Alaska’s unique position under federal law, including ANCSA and ANILCA. We discussed his view of the Second Amendment, an incredibly important issue for our state.
I had a detailed discussion with President Trump's nominee to serve as the next Attorney General, William Barr. I was very impressed with our conversation.
RT @EndPlasticWaste: Yesterday in DC, Alliance members gathered with @SenDanSullivan and @SenWhitehouse to discuss how we'll use our collec…
RT @Phil_Mattingly: Alaskan of the Week update: 8 year old Camdyn Clancy, winner of the NFL PLAY 60 Super Kid@SenDanSullivan says as par…
RT @nielslesniewski: It's time for the Alaskan of the Week!
Apply online at or by calling 1.800.621.FEMA (3362). #earthquake #Alaska
Did your home or business suffer significant damage or loss from the big 7.0 #earthquake in Southcentral last November? The President’s recent disaster declaration released significant federal dollars to assist Alaskans in need. #Alaska
@POTUS I have always believed that every citizen in every country should have the right to self-determination and freedom. As chairman of @IRIGlobal, I will continue to push for a more democratic and free world. #Venezuela
I applaud @POTUS and his remarks at the #SOTU regarding #Venezuela. I too “stand with the Venezuelan people in their noble quest for #freedom -- and condemn the brutality of the Maduro regime."
RT @repdonyoung: Alaska was well-represented at today’s meeting of the Oceans Caucus Foundation. I was happy to join @SenDanSullivan and fr…
@SenWhitehouse @EndPlasticWaste @Shell @DowChemical @ProcterGamble I couldn’t be more excited for this development as all major stakeholders—the private sector, environmental groups, and both the legislative and executive branches—are now pulling on the same oar to tackle this global challenge. #EndPlasticWaste
@SenWhitehouse @EndPlasticWaste The Alliance, made up of major multinational businesses like @Shell, @DowChemical @ProcterGamble, has committed $1.5 billion to help address the marine debris crisis. #EndPlasticWaste
.@SenWhitehouse and I teamed up for a forum on Capitol Hill today highlighting a newly formed non-profit called the “Alliance to End Plastic Waste.” @EndPlasticWaste
RT @BerryGlobalInc: Today, Tom Salmon discussed strategy the value of post-use plastic at the US launch of the @EndPlasticWaste in Washin…
RT @MikeWitt15: @SenDanSullivan emphasizes that “literally every stakeholder is pulling on the same oar.” We need to #collaborate to #innov…
My thoughts on President Trump's speech tonight. #sotu
Doug is wearing a beautiful moose-skin vest that proudly exhibits the heritage of Alaska Native crafts and artwork. Excited to have Doug here tonight. #sotu
My guest tonight for the State of the Union is Fairbanks’-own Doug Tansy, a respected labor leader and advocate for hard-working #Alaska families. #sotu
I wrote a letter to CEO Mark Zuckerberg seeking greater clarity on Facebook’s policies, and protection for our rural economy. Read it here:
Facebook later indicated the ban was a mistake, but I’m concerned the removal could have a chilling effect on prospective buyers around the world.
Banned by #Facebook. An Alaska Native craftsman in Sitka recently discovered his artwork – legal under the Marine Mammal Protection Act – was removed from Facebook’s marketplace.
@JBavilla Janet – I’m glad to hear it. I know how important regular mail service is to Alaska’s many rural communities.
@DOIDepSec @Interior He has also shown a commitment to @Interior’s trust responsibility to Alaska Natives. I believe that Mr. Bernhardt will be a great Secretary of the Interior for my state, and for our country.
@DOIDepSec @Interior During his years of private practice and leadership positions at @Interior during both the Trump and Bush Administrations, he has gained a deep understanding of Alaska’s unique land issues – including ANILCA.
.@DOIDepSec David Bernhardt is an excellent choice to be our next Secretary of the @Interior. He is a strong advocate for the goal of energy dominance, and will help facilitate Alaska’s role in that goal.
@ANSEP_AK It was an honor to be on-hand for the celebration and to meet many of these inspiring young Alaskans. ANSEP is one incredible program that makes me optimistic for the future of our state.
.@ANSEP_AK recently marked 24 years of pioneering work in delivering world-class science and math education to Alaska Native students. #STEM
What a fun effort to send cadets and midshipman treats from home. And it was great timing, as I just submitted my nominations for the Class of 2023!
It was great to join the Alaska All-Academies Association and parents of Alaskans attending our nation’s military academies for their spring gift box gathering in Eagle River.
Democracy assistance, and institutes like @IRIglobal, are crucial in helping America face foreign policy challenges including rising authoritarianism global democratic backsliding. Helping the people of #Venezuela in their time of need is what democracy assistance is all about.
The spirit of democracy is something that is shared by people all around the world. It is my hope that the people of #Venezuela reclaim a say in the future of their country.
There is important bipartisan legislation being passed in Washington, like the BOLD For Alzheimer’s Infrastructure Act, that doesn’t make the headlines, but is so important for a state with a rapidly increasing aging population a parallel increase in Akns living with dementia.
Thank you to Pamela Kelley and the team of employees and volunteers at the Alzheimers Resource Agency of Alaska for welcoming me on Friday. #EndAlz
@Norad_Northcom Our adversaries have turned their attention to the #Arctic and we have to be more prepared for the threats we face. #Alaska is behind you all the way.
General O’Shaughnessy, commander of @Norad_Northcom, is spot on in his op-ed: “Our homelands are not a sanctuary, and the #Arctic is the front line in our defense.”
Thanks to @realDonaldTrump for your Administration’s continued focus on #Alaska as we recover from our earthquake. I appreciate your granting the major disaster declaration so soon after our discussion about this topic last week.
Frankenfish is NOT the same as wild #Alaska salmon. Proud to cosponsor @lisamurkowski’s bill mandating clear labeling and empowering consumers.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to her family, her friends, and the Fairbanks community that she loved so much.
Julie and I were so saddened to hear about the passing of Kathleen “Mike” Dalton, a true #Alaska trailblazer, leader, and pioneer.
@IRIglobal The message seems clear: citizen’s patience is running out for authoritarians. @IRIglobal's work is more important than ever. #Venezuela
As chairman of @IRIglobal, a nonprofit that advances democracy worldwide, I genuinely hope that democracy will be restored in #Venezuela. The time is now for the people of Venezuela to determine their own destiny.
DOJ’s indictment of Huawei for tech theft sanctions violations is just one more example of Chinese businesses unwilling to play by the rules. As Chairman of Commerce Subcommittee on Security, we will be conducting serious oversight of these Chinese threats to the U.S. economy.
Today I addressed Alaskans about the bill I supported to immediately reopen parts of the federal govt, while also providing the room to continue negotiating border-security funding.
Couldn’t agree more @ComdtUSCG. The @USCG puts their lives on the line every day for us. They’re the only branch of our armed forces not getting paid. Until we can reopen the govt we need to #PayOurHeroes now!
@USCG I’m cautiously optimistic that they’ll do so, particularly if they hear from their constituents. So please let them know to #PayOurHeroes:
@USCG Unfortunately, Senate Democrats are currently holding up the Pay Our Coast Guard Act. Earlier this week, I once again spoke on the Senate floor about this issue, urging my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to take up legislation to right this wrong. #PayOurHeroes
We’ve been working hard to push legislation to ensure that members of @USCG get paid for the work they do during the partial shutdown. It’s only right. They are the only members of the military not getting paid for putting their lives on the line for us every day. #PayOurHeroes
Alaska is the cornerstone of our nation’s missile defense as @POTUS said in his remarks, we can do more and we must do more to keep us safe. I have no doubt that our Alaskan Missile Defenders at Ft. Greely Clear AFS, who stand watch 24/7, 365 days a yr will help lead the way.
The review solidifies the bipartisan progress the Congress has already made working with the Trump administration, and outlines a vision for the future – protecting us from more advanced ballistic missile threats from rogue nations like North Korea and Iran.
I was pleased to be at the Pentagon yesterday when President Trump announced the Dept. of Defense's new Missile Defense Review — the first update to American missile defense policy since 2010.
@USCG Even though day in day out, they risk their lives for us, members of the Coast Guard are the only members of our military who aren’t getting paid during this partial shutdown. That’s wrong and we should fix it now. Watch my speech HERE:
Yesterday I took to the Senate floor to urge my colleagues to take up legislation that I, along with a bipartisian group of my colleagues, introduced that would ensure that the more than 41,000 active members and retirees of the @USCG be paid throughout the partial govt shutdown.
Recognizing her very hard work unwavering commitment to America's energy nat. resource potential, @lisamurkowski’s committee colleagues again chose her to chair the ENR Committee —a committee vital to AK. Congrats Lisa! Here’s to more productive years for our state country!
Tonight I wanted to spend a few minutes talking directly to Alaskans about the partial federal government shutdown and on the broader debate we’re having here in D.C. on the issue of border security. WATCH HERE:
Our global network of alliances are critical to U.S. national and regional security -- especially in the Middle East. Glad to see the Administration moving to reaffirm commitment to allies in the region, including the Kurds and Israel.
@GovDunleavy The Alaska Delegation will support this request with immediacy in Washington. Until then, Alaskans can apply for State Individual Assistance at
Yesterday, @GovDunleavy requested a major disaster declaration for federal assistance following the Nov. 30 earthquake. Though Alaskans are resilient, approval of this declaration will do much to help those in need get back on their feet.
Happy 60th birthday Alaska! Today we salute all who worked tirelessly so that we can benefit from all of our state’s wonders. We’ve got a lot of work to achieve the promises of statehood. But we have character, we have spirit, and we have each other!
Pleased to learn that the Egyptian courts acquitted employees of @IRIGlobal and other NGOs wrongfully convicted in the 2013 show trial of foreign organizations. Let's hope that this is a step toward a more open environment in Egypt.
America is stronger and our military is more capable and lethal because of Secretary Mattis. And though he would never acknowledge it, history will one day record that Secretary Mattis was a once-in-a-generation Secretary of Defense. Semper Fidelis, Mr. Secretary.
I would like to personally thank Secretary Mattis for his unwavering voice on the importance of allies, his resolute dedication to rebuilding our under-resourced military, and inspiring the next generation of American warriors who wear our nation’s uniform.
I’m disheartened by the impending resignation of Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis. His decades of service to our nation – from a Marine Corps second lieutenant to our 26th Secretary of Defense – embodies all that makes this country truly great.
I appreciate all the hard work and diligence the Department of Interior undertook to produce their draft Environmental Impact Statement in line with Congress’s statutory mandate from last year’s tax bill 
RT @lruskin: Farm bill’s untold story: What Congress did for fish sticks. @SenDanSullivan says kids are turned of seafood when they find ba…
I recently outlined my opposition to the the First Step Act, which passed the Senate this evening. Click here --
The U.S. Air Force announced on Friday that it is recommending housing additional F-22 Raptors, displaced by Hurricane Michael, to be stationed at JBER. 
I welcome EPA’s proposal to restore power to states protect land owners – and hardworking Akns – from  confusing burdensome  overreach of last Admin's WOTUS rule. New proposal offers path for more reasonable, statutory based interpretation of the law
Today, on Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day, we honor the 2,403 Americans who made the ultimate sacrifice 77 years ago in the attacks on Pearl Harbor and say thank you to the brave men and women who selflessly answered the call of duty.
Along with a number of other officials, I've spent that last few days getting up to speed on the devastation and seeing firsthand our challenges in order to bring that knowledge directly back to my colleagues in Washington, D.C.
I can't say enough about our Alaska students and how well they handled Friday's massive earthquake. This video speaks volumes to our emergency preparedness.
Hats off to the remarkable men and women at the State of Alaska Operations Center for all your continued work in response to Friday's earthquake.
We’re mourning the loss of Sen. Bettye Davis. Throughout her decades-long career as a member of the Legislature the Anchorage School Board, she was a fierce champion for quality education equal rights. She’ll be missed. Our thoughts prayers are with her family friends.
We thank @AkGovBillWalker for his service welcome @DunleavyGov into office. In the near term we’ll work hand-in-glove to rebuild from the earthquake. We will also continue working closely w/state to grow our economy for a bright future for all Alaskans. Congrats Gov. Dunleavy!
Thanks to all my Senate colleagues numerous fed officials who reached out to ask how they could help AK following yesterday's massive earthquake. Lots of work ahead to rebuild, but as we've seen AKns are tough, resilient caring people. Stay safe out there! #ShakenButNotBroken
RT @Alaska_DHSS: If you have a loved one in the Anchorage Pioneer Home or the Alaska Veterans and Pioneers Home in Palmer, rest assured. We…
RT @NWS_NTWC: CANCELLATION:  M7.0 005mi N  Anchorage, Alaska 0829AKST Nov 30: No tsunami observed #NTWC
RT @NWS_NTWC: TSUNAMI WARNING 2: See for alert areas.  M7.0 005mi N  Anchorage, Alaska 0829AKST Nov 30: #NTWC
Hope everyone is safe and accounted for after this morning’s #AK #earthquake. We are monitoring the situation closely and reaching out to the appropriate authorities.
Congrats to the brilliant men women at @NASA for @NASAInSight Lander’s successful touchdown on Mars. These missions will inspire the next generation to study the wonders of the universe and to reach for the stars. Great job to all involved!
I am encouraged to see B.C. government taking a more active role in the long overdue clean-up of the Tulsequah Chief mine. The recent announcement that the government intends to move forward and develop a remediation plan is a step in the right direction
I applaud the nomination of retired General John Abizaid to be the next U.S. Ambassador to Saudi Arabia. I had the honor of serving as a staff officer to Gen. Abizaid when he was Commander of U.S. Central Command. I can’t think of anyone more knowledgeable and qualified than him.
Honored to have opportunity to lead this year’s Coast Guard Authorization, giving CG the resources training they need to complete the many diverse missions. Bill includes many great things for AK, Arctic and relieving unnecessary burdens on fishermen 
U.S. must lead by continuing strategy of applying maximum pressure on Iranian regime.
I support the Trump admin's decision to reimpose sanctions lifted under the flawed 2015 nuclear deal. Under that deal, the Obama admin released tens of billions of dollars to the world’s largest state sponsor of terrorism to carry out their regional and nuclear ambitions.
Big thanks to the news teams at KVRF Radio Free Palmer and @matsu_news for hosting me yesterday to discuss some of the significant progress we’re making in Washington, D.C and some areas of particular interest to Alaskans.
Thank you to the entire Mat-Su detachment, including Captain Tony April, for all you do to keep our communities safe.
I had the opportunity to visit w/ Troopers at the AK State Trooper Mat-Su Detachment – the busiest detachment in the state; responsible for serving protecting Alaskans in an area the size of W. Virginia – to discuss a number of important topics surrounding public safety crime
As always, it was great to connect with so many of our seniors and to hear so many of your comments, questions and concerns – including issues relating to the VA our veterans, Medicare Social Security, opportunities for our young people the outlook for Alaska’s future.
Thank you to everyone who took part in our community meeting yesterday at the Palmer Senior Citizens Center – a wonderful facility that has provided housing and meal programs for our seniors for years.
Prayers for the victims and families of the Tree of Life Synagogue. Anti-semitism, bigotry, and violence targeting houses of worship are not who we are as Americans.
Great work by our professional and dedicated law enforcement in handling the recent pipe bomb threats. Violence in American politics is abhorrent and never the answer.
After years of perseverance, Yuut Elitnaurviat will be opening the first FAA-approved Part 147 Aircraft Maintenance School certified in the state in over 20 years, a critical component of the AK aviation system. Congrats Mike Hoffman team @ Yuut on this important announcement.
Very pleased that @POTUS signed landmark bipartisan legislation to address opioid crisis that’s plaguing our state and country. We’re not going to fix this problem overnight, but the SUPPORT Act will make a big difference.
Thanks @POTUS for signing the Save Our Seas (SOS) Act today!
Thank you @POTUS for signing the Save Our Seas (SOS) Act, bipartisan legislation @SenWhitehouse I sponsored along w/ so many others to help address the marine debris crisis. Curbing this man-made plight on our oceans is an issue we can all agree
RT @politico: Trump signed the Save Our Seas Act, which promotes international action to reduce marine debris. It received unanimous suppor…
Grateful that @realDonaldTrump signed #SaveOurSeasAct that @SenWhitehouse I, with so many other members on both sides, worked hard on to help with ocean debris crisis. Curbing this man-made plight in our oceans is an issue that we can all agree on!
Ambassador @nikkihaley has been an instrumental force for the U.S. during her time at the @UN and her stalwart leadership will be missed. I thank her for her willingness to serve and wish her and her family well.
In a Senate floor speech, I outlined extensive process behind my decision to support  JudgeKavanaugh's confirmation to #SCOTUS. This has been a searing process for many, not only in AK but across the country. This was was not a decision I took lightly. 
The nation’s unrelenting opioid epidemic is taking hold all across the country more must be done. I'm proud of bipartisan package of bills sent to @POTUS this week that address this crisis, w/ particular focus on wellness, prevention innovation.  
After months of engagement -  at all levels of gov't - Pacific salmon has been removed from the list of additional tariffs on Chinese imports. Read more
FAA Reauthorization Act is enormously important for AK many communities in AK who rely on aviation for travel in out of their communities for goods services — including many regional hubs. From gen av to cargo industry, lots of great AK
Pleased to announce passage of the Save Our Seas Act, legislation I introduced w/ @SenWhitehouse   to address the global marine debris crisis. Bill, which now moves to @POTUS' desk, is important for the country, the world, and certainly AK. See more here
I’m still reviewing the final text of the new U.S.-MX-CA Agreement released last night, but I'm glad to see Trump admin finalize this important trilateral agreement with our closest neighbors and two of our largest trading partners. See my full statement
...which will hopefully allow this process to move forward in a timely and fair fashion.
As stated, allegations of sexual assault need to be taken seriously. While SenateJudiciary its staff have been investigating allegations diligently, I desire of my colleagues for additional info decision of the SenMajority POTUS for supp. FBI investigation.
I want AKns to know that while I was unable to watch the Senate Judiciary  hearing in real-time, I'm currently viewing it in its entirety. Out of respect for process, Professor Ford, Judge Kavanaugh, I will wait before offering further thoughts on this hearing.
Thank you for all the well wishes and kind words following my very unexpected appendectomy yesterday. I’m doing well and feel very fortunate to have my wife Julie by my side.
There have been a number of questions raised today regarding a protest in and directly outside of my Washington, D.C. office in opposition to Judge Brett Kavanaugh. Given the attention this has received, I believe it warrants a
As I’ve stated over and over again, the federal government must do more in this critical area. Today we made important progress towards supporting those on the front lines and helping combat the scourge of drug abuse and addiction.
Last year, more than 72,000 Americans, including a number of Alaskans, died from drug overdoses  -- the highest rate ever.
Today, my colleagues and I in the Senate overwhelmingly passed milestone legislation to further combat the opioid crisis and help some of the most vulnerable in our communities.
Allegations of sexual assault should be taken seriously. Professor Ford Judge Kavanaugh deserve right to be heard on this matter. I commend Chairman Grassley on committing to as much will be following closely as these claims are evaluated reviewed.
The length and the renewal are unprecedented and are the result of the hard work from the Alaska Eskimo Whaling Commission. Alaskans were represented so aptly by North Slope Borough Mayor, Harry Brower, and AEWC Vice-chair, Crawford Patkotak, in Brazil. Congrats to all involved!
BREAKING NEWS: The International Whaling Commission in Brazil voted to extend AK subsistence whaling quota for 7 yrs! A momentous day for North Slope Bering Strait regions who will be able to continue their traditional cultural practice provide food security for generations!
We will never forget the nearly 3,000 Americans lives – mothers and fathers, sons and daughters – taken from us 17 years ago.
#ShanahTovah to Alaska’s Frozen Chosen celebrating Rosh Hashanah this week. Best wishes for a happy and peaceful new year!
RT @moorecindy1: Thank you @SenDanSullivan! Access to legal services is one of the most important ways for DV victims to get out of an abus…
Pro-Bono Work to Empower and Represent (POWER) Act, bipartisan legislation I first authored 3 years ago signed into law this week, takes important steps to help combat the horrific statistics of domestic abuse and sexual violence we see in this country.
ICYMI: Hey you #AlaskanoftheWeek fans. We thought we’d change things up lighten your otherwise heavy day. Enjoy! cc: @eschor @Mocat08@nielslesniewski@Phil_Mattingly@seungminkim@frankthorp@GarrettHaake@AmeliaFrappolli@burgessev@KatherineBScott
Kodiak recently welcomed first of its five new HC-130J Super Hercules -part of the #USCG asset recapitalization efforts.  As CG Subcmte Chairman, I’m working to ensure we have broadest possible SAR coverage, response capability, maritime domain awareness throughout AK waters.
I’m pleased to announce that the Senate recently passed the American Fisheries Advisory Committee Act, bipartisan bill to assist in the awarding of fisheries marketing, research and development grants known as the Saltonstall-Kennedy grants.  See more --
@SenJohnMcCain To my friend John: Godspeed. Semper Fidelis. Fair winds and following seas. May you rest in peace.
Today we lost a true American hero. @SenJohnMcCain's life embodied steadfast patriotism sacrifice in the service of a cause greater than self. His courage indomitable spirit inspired millions in America across globe. Our prayers go out to his wife Cindy the McCain family.
RT @JsonHuffman: Alaska @SenDanSullivan made a surprise appearance Thursday at the China tariff hearing and asked the Trump administration…
Last Friday's Alaska Wellness Summit 2.0: #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave was extremely engaging, with lots of input and suggestions from Alaskans that my office and our federal partners will be taking back to DC. See our brief recap,
One of the true honors of my life has been having @SenJohnMcCain as a friend mentor. He’s a true American hero. His courage indomitable spirit have inspired millions in America across the globe. I humbly ask all Americans to pray for him his loving family. Semper Fi John.
And thats a wrap! Thank you to @uaanchorage, all our panelists, and importantly, the countless Alaskans who took their time to be part of the solution. One of the biggest lessons today is that we all need to work together. We can beat back this crime wave. #ConfrontingAKCrimeWave
.@Alaska_DHSS Dr. Butler at Wellness Summit 2.0: The secret sauce in this discussion: collaboration between govts non govt entities. It’s our problem. As Americans we don’t shoot our wounded. We have to treat this as a disease. We have to heal the wounds prevent the wounds.
