Climate change multiplies the national security threats we face as a country. The science is clear and Congress shouldn’t allow President Trump to have a climate science skeptic mislead the National Security Council.
We already knew President Trump’s trade war is unnecessary doing far more to harm American farmers manufacturers than help, but now it’s clear it isn't even helping his stated goal of reducing trade deficits. In fact, his policies have made them worse.
Service members shouldn’t have to worry about the health of their families while protecting our country. Unfortunately, many living in private military housing are dealing with hazardous conditions with little or no recourse. Our bill will fix that.
While I’m glad that Senator Graham will be holding a hearing on extreme risk protection orders, I’m joining my colleagues to call for hearings on universal background checks too. We know universal background checks save lives, we know that 97% of Americans support them.
I strongly support @USWNT. This case is emblematic of the wider pay discrimination issue we see all across the country. @USWNT is one of the best teams in the world and I am proud to see them push for #EqualPayForEqualWork.
Tragic to see the spreading epidemic of Ebola in the Democratic Republic of Congo. The U.S. and the world must come together to do everything possible to support DRC efforts to combat Ebola and get this outbreak under control.
On #InternationalWomensDay, I’d like to recognize the remarkable women I serve with in Congress. When I first got elected in the “Year of the Woman” we numbered far fewer, but as my friend Senator Barbara Mikulski said at the time, “We’re not a fad, a fancy or a year!”
Though preventative colorectal cancer screenings are free with Medicare, any preventative measure a doctor performs during the screening can incur out-of-pocket costs. Our bill ensures seniors don’t get hit with steep bills for undergoing potentially lifesaving screenings.
Congratulations to @SpaceX and @NASA on job well done! Great to see the Crew Dragon capsule return successfully after docking with the ISS. Can’t wait to see what the U.S. space program accomplishes next.
On this day in 1965, a group of civil rights activists set out from Selma to demand their right to vote be respected. Despite attacks from state troopers, they persevered. It’s thanks to those marchers, including @RepJohnLewis, that Congress finally passed the Voting Rights Act.
On the anniversary of the Violence Against Women Act’s first passage, a bipartisan bill to reauthorize it has been introduced in the House. I support efforts to improve and strengthen VAWA and I hope to work with my Republican colleagues in the Senate to follow suit.
It takes tremendous courage to come forward as a survivor of sexual assault. Thank you @SenMcSallyAZ for bravely sharing your story and calling attention to the issue of sexual assault in our military. We owe our troops so much better.
Families who come to the U.S. are seeking refuge from violence and poverty in their home countries. In December, two children died in CBP custody. We must ensure that proper medical care is being provided, especially for children.
As we discuss issues along our Southern border, it’s important to remember that many families are unable to present themselves at ports of entry because CBP has limited the number of asylum applicants allowed to enter each day.
The Trump administration must stop detaining and shackling pregnant immigrants. This is a cruel practice that endangers both mother and child. We’re reintroducing our bill to bring this policy to an end and provide pregnant women with the care they need.
In December 2017, the president reversed a longstanding policy against detaining pregnant women. In the first two years of Trump’s presidency, miscarriages in ICE detention facilities have doubled. 
Today I’m joining 44 senators to introduce the Save the Internet Act to restore #NetNeutrality. Your internet access shouldn’t depend upon the service provider you choose. #SaveTheNet
Today’s decision by a second federal judge to block a citizenship question on the #2020Census reaffirms what I have long said  — asking a citizenship question is bad for accuracy and bad for California. There must be a full and accurate count without political interference.
One day after judicial nominee Chad Readler filed a legal brief in court trying to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, he was nominated to the federal bench. Three career DOJ attorneys opposed his argument, refused to join the brief, and one resigned in protest.
Senate Republicans claim they support protections for Americans with preexisting conditions, but today they will vote to confirm the administration’s lead advocate to strike those protections. A vote for Readler is a vote against protecting Americans with pre-existing conditions.
Chad Readler refused to defend the ACA’s protections for those with preexisting conditions and argued for the ACA to be dismantled. Republican Senator Lamar Alexander called Readler’s argument against the ACA “as far-fetched as any I've ever heard.”
Senate Republicans scheduled Chad Readler’s nomination for a final vote today. While at the Justice Dept. he argued in favor of repealing the Affordable Care Act. His position would strip millions of people of protections for preexisting conditions.
Asian American and Pacific Islander women in the U.S. make an average of 85 cents for every $1 a white man does. It’s time we pass the Paycheck Fairness Act, the Equal Rights Amendment and the FAMILY Act to level the playing field for all working women. #AAPIEqualPay
Republicans demanded President Obama respect their blue slips—while using them to block his nominees—keeping vacancies open for years. Standards should not be changed simply because a different party holds the White House.
In just over TWO years, Republicans have held hearings for TEN circuit court nominees and confirmed FOUR over the objection of their Democratic home-state senators. That’s double the number of circuit judges confirmed without both blue slips in the previous CENTURY.
In the 100 years before President Trump took office, only five judges had ever been confirmed with only one blue slip and the last one was in 1989. Democrats have NEVER confirmed a judicial nominee over the objection of a Republican senator who refused to return a blue slip.
Even then-Chairman Grassley said this should be a rare occurrence. This is another change in Senate norms and traditions in an effort to stack the courts – what’s worse it prevents the Senate from properly scrutinizing nominees for lifetime appointments.
Readler and another circuit court nominee were on the same confirmation panel. Nominees typically submit thousands of pages of records for evaluation and holding both on the same panel severely hampers the Judiciary Committee’s ability to properly vet each nominee.
Judicial nominee Chad Readler has:Argued to overturn the ACASupported restrictive voting lawsSupported the death penalty for minorsSupported ending DACASupported the Trump Muslim banSupported family separationAmericans deserve a better judge.
Allison Rushing is also closely affiliated with the Alliance Defending Freedom, an @SPLcenter designated hate group that opposes women’s reproductive rights, marriage equality and the right of LGBT couples to adopt children.
Rushing’s confirmation hearing was held in the middle of a month-long Senate recess despite objections from Senate Judiciary Democrats. Only two senators were present and her questioning for a lifetime appointment lasted 20 minutes.
Pushing through Allison Rushing’s nomination is the latest Republican effort to pack the federal bench with young, ideologically extreme judges. Just 36 years old, Rushing has tried FOUR cases to verdict and practiced law for only nine years.
Today, Senate Republicans are trying to confirm Allison Rushing—a 36-year-old lawyer who has practiced law for just nine years and tried only four cases to verdict—to a lifetime appointment on the Court of Appeals. We cannot allow these efforts to stack the courts to continue.
The Senate is voting today on cloture for the nomination of Chad Readler. While at the Justice Dept., Readler refused to defend the Affordable Care Act in court. His position on the ACA would eliminate protections for millions of Americans with preexisting conditions.
Today, we’re introducing a bill to reauthorize the Save Vanishing Species Stamp. Since 2011, the stamp has raised more than $5 million for international wildlife conservation, including projects benefitting tigers, sea turtles, great apes, rhinos and elephants in 33 countries.
86 years ago, FDR appointed Francis Perkins to be the nation’s first female Cabinet secretary. From establishing unemployment benefits to crafting the first minimum-wage laws, we owe many of today’s protections for workers to her time as Secretary of Labor. #WomensHistoryMonth
Congress passed the Fix NICS bill to prevent glaring gaps in background check databases that allowed mass shooters to obtain firearms. But a year after it was signed into law, many agencies are still not fully complying. We’re calling on the DOJ to fully implement Fix NICS.
California suffered from record-breaking wildfires and flooding last year. Now that Congress has funded the federal government, it’s time to provide much-needed relief for all Americans trying to recover from the recent natural disasters.
President Trump’s tax plan hits 2.2 million Californians with a larger bill because of the new cap on state and local tax deductions. California families making less than $100k are paying on average $750 more in taxes due to the cap alone.
I’m pleased that my bill to hold opioid manufacturers accountable for oversupplying pharmacies led to a new DEA tool to better identify, stop and report suspicious orders. We must end the practice of prescription pills being diverted for abuse.
March 1 is #DressInBlue day for colorectal cancer awareness. More than 90% of colorectal cancers occur in people over the age of 50 years so if you’re between 50 and 75 years old, be sure to get regular screenings. Find more info here. 
Those rules would discourage survivors from reporting their assaults, in part because survivors would be subjected to cross-examination by their attacker’s chosen representative.  It is safe to assume this change in the guidance will be challenged in the D.C. Circuit.
Specifically, Rao has been personally involved in repealing protections for survivors of campus sexual violence. She has also acknowledged that her office approved controversial new rules on campus sexual assault under Title IX.
While she has since said that she “lacked the perspective of how [her articles] might be perceived by others,” her record shows these views persist today.
On sexual assault, Neomi Rao wrote that if a woman “drinks to the point where she can no longer choose, well, getting to that point was part of her choice.”
Moreover, I asked Ms. Rao if she would commit to recusing herself from any case involving regulations that she worked on while serving in her current position.  She refused to make such a commitment.
She has also led efforts to repeal the Clean Power Plan regulation. This repeal has been estimated to result in up to 1,400 premature deaths annually by 2030, due to an increase in particulate matters from emissions that are linked to heart and lung disease.
She has led efforts to weaken fuel economy CAFÉ standards, which I authored and which has been law since 2007. Before the administration proposed freezing these standards, we were set to achieve a fuel economy standard of 54 miles per gallon by 2025.
I believe it is particularly relevant that Rao has a record of working to dismantle key regulations that ensure the air we breathe is safe, that address global warming, and that protect American workers and consumers.
THREAD: The Senate Judiciary Committee voted to send Neomi Rao’s nomination to serve on the D.C. Circuit to the Senate floor for a vote. I voted NO. From her writings to her work dismantling regulations to her lack of candor with the Committee — her record is deeply concerning.
As #BlackHistoryMonth draws to a close, read about San Francisco’s first black female streetcar operator: Maya Angelou. Before she became one of our country’s most beloved poets she was breaking down racial barriers at just 16 years old.
That’s why I introduced the Agricultural Worker Program Act, to give farmworkers their families a path to legal residence. That stability would also provide reliable farm labor for our growers. These workers feed America and we all benefit by protecting them from deportation.
American farmers are facing a severe shortage of workers. The backbreaking work of farm labor is performed largely by undocumented immigrants who live in fear of deportation due to the administration’s harsh enforcement policies.
Throughout his career, Andrew Wheeler has shown a clear disregard for the EPA’s mission to protect the public and environment. As the author of the Ten-in-Ten Fuel Economy Act, I’m troubled by his attacks on clean car standards. We don’t need another anti-environment crusader.
I just voted against Andrew Wheeler to become EPA administrator. As a former fossil fuel lobbyist, he consistently worked against the public interest to advance an anti-environment agenda and dismantle many hard-won climate change programs.
Great meeting with Metrolink. I got an update on their implementation of Positive Train Control, a key tool for improving railroad safety. Looking forward to working with you.
WATCH NOW: The Judiciary Committee is voting on the nomination of Neomi Rao to the D.C. Circuit. She has led the Trump administration’s effort to abolish rules protecting consumers, students and our air water.  Watch here:
It’s past time that the president accepts the truth that climate change is real, is man-made and happening now. We need a president willing to seek out solutions to address climate change, not one searching for ways to undercut scientific facts.
Disturbing reports have emerged that President Trump will set up a panel to undermine the consensus of scientists around the world that climate change is a real and imminent threat. Climate change policy should be based on objective science, not on politically biased panels.
In particular: 1) Roger Stone speaking with the president about Wikileaks, 2) the president’s lawyer editing Cohen’s false testimony to Congress, 3) hush money payments using campaign funds, 4) who knew about the Trump Tower meeting and 5) the Trump Tower Moscow deal in 2016.
After watching Michael Cohen’s testimony, it’s clear he raised some important points today. Several items he spoke about warrant follow up.
Throughout his career, Andrew Wheeler has shown a clear disregard for the EPA’s mission to protect the public and environment. We don’t need another anti-environment crusader leading the very agency tasked with enforcing our environmental laws.
As the author of the Ten-in-Ten Fuel Economy Act, I’m particularly troubled by his attacks on clean car standards, which are set to rise to more than 50 mpg by 2025 for new cars and SUVs.
As acting administrator of the EPA, Andrew Wheeler has given us a glimpse of how harmful his tenure would be if confirmed. Instead of positioning the EPA to aggressively tackle climate change, Wheeler has dismantled many of the hard-won climate programs already in place.
My thoughts are with the Sonoma County residents affected by record flooding. Please continue to follow all evacuation orders and stay up to date on information about shelters and where to find sandbags: 
The Education Dept. has refused to process debt forgiveness requests from students cheated by colleges. Instead of providing relief, the Dept continues to collect on these loans. We’re calling on them to stop stalling support these student requests.
Huawei, a company with ties to China’s intelligence services, is trying to make headway into the U.S. solar market. We’re calling on DHS and DOE to block Huawei and protect our energy infrastructure from potential hacking.
The lands package also secures new protections for our desert, creates California’s first National Heritage Area, develops smarter ways to manage the Santa Ana Wash and facilitates safety upgrades to the Contra Costa Canal.
BREAKING: The House just passed a package of bills that includes my bill to protect the Mojave Desert. From desert tortoises to bighorn sheep and iconic Joshua trees, the beauty of the California desert is unrivaled. It’s a defining part of our state, and I’m proud to protect it.
Important report by @AGBecerra looking into ICE immigration detention facilities in California. I applaud the AG’s efforts to shed light on these issues, such as ICE’s excessive use of force and restrictions on access to counsel. Immigrants should be treated with dignity.
This week the House will vote to expand background checks to all gun purchases. Many who are legally barred from owning guns skip background checks by buying at gun shows or online. This is an easy bill to close a loophole and the Senate should pass it too. #LettersForChange
Republicans claim they haven’t changed the blue-slip tradition, which requires senators to sign off on judges from their states. If that were true, today would not be the first time in history a judge was confirmed over opposition from both home-state senators.
Today Senate Republicans are voting to confirm Eric Miller to the Ninth Circuit. He would be the first nominee EVER confirmed without sign-off from either home-state senator.
Thank you Garfield Elementary School in San Leandro for the beautiful drawings of our California desert wilderness! We’re lucky to have such vibrant wildlife in California and I’m glad our students are learning early to appreciate it.
Great seeing Governor Newsom yesterday. We had a constructive meeting on ways to address wildfire, water infrastructure, disaster aid, homelessness and transportation funding, among other issues. I look forward to continuing our work together to advance California priorities.
I agree 100%. As I’ve said many times, the Mueller report needs to be made public and Congress needs access to the investigative records. DOJ has set a precedent by releasing investigative documents and it needs to abide by that precedent.
Another state takes action on a law to prevent dangerous individuals from possessing weapons. We must pass my legislation to help every state take this action.
President Trump’s meeting with Kim Jong Un must focus on finding a principled, diplomatic pathway to secure, monitor and verify the denuclerazation of North Korea. It should not, and cannot, hand Kim Jong Un a propaganda victory while he continues to develop nuclear capabilities.
Planned Parenthood has been a trusted health care provider for millions of patients for more than a century. The constant attacks from Republicans are disgraceful and I will continue to fight against them.
This new rule undermines health care for nearly 4 million Americans and would result in Planned Parenthood losing more than $60 million in federal funds. These funds ensure that low-income patients have access to essential reproductive health care and family planning services.
This is an effort by the Trump administration to deny women the ability to see health care providers they know and trust. The administration’s goal is clear: force Planned Parenthood to close its doors.
This law was meant to protect victims from people precisely like Jeffrey Epstein, and it works when prosecutors follow it. The law was not followed in this case.
In his role as U.S. attorney, Alex Acosta met with Epstein’s attorney, who subsequently thanked Acosta for his pledge to not contact ‘any of the identified individuals, potential witnesses or potential civil claimants in this matter and their respective counsel in this matter.’
I authored the Crime Victims’ Rights Act with Senator Jon Kyl in 2004. The law was enacted to ensure victims were kept informed throughout the legal process and given the opportunity to be heard in court.
We can’t allow a process with no scrutiny or oversight to be used as an excuse to continue separating children from their families. I encourage my colleagues to join me and call for an end to this cruel practice at our border.
CBP officers have no expertise in child welfare and should not be deciding whether these children are in danger. The Keep Families Together Act requires either a state court to decide or CBP to consult with child welfare experts before a child is removed from accompanying adults.
The family separation crisis continues. DHS has separated 245 children since a court ordered an end to the policy. DHS claims these children are in danger if they remain with the adults they crossed with, but there’s no transparency on how CBP makes that determination.
The situation in Venezuela is untenable. Destruction of humanitarian assistance must immediately stop and lifesaving food and medicine must be allowed to reach people in need. Any destruction or delay is the fault of the Maduro regime, yet another reason he should resign.
More than anything, Jeff was a dedicated public servant who cared deeply for the people and city he served. His extraordinary presence will be missed in San Francisco, and my thoughts are with his family during this difficult time.
He was a passionate advocate for his clients, and he carried that passion into his work outside of the courtroom. He was a tireless advocate for criminal justice reform and the rights of immigrant children.
As one of the few elected public defenders in the country, Jeff Adachi fought to ensure every person received equal justice under the law.
I want the children from the Sunrise Movement to know they were heard loud and clear. I have been and remain committed to doing everything I can to enact real, meaningful climate change legislation.
Regulations governing Mueller’s investigation do not prohibit AG Barr from disclosing the final report to Congress, I repeat my call for Barr to provide the report unedited once he has received it. A summary written by Barr instead of the Mueller report will not be acceptable.
More states are allowing courts to keep guns out of the hands of people who pose a risk to themselves or others. My bill would support these states and encourage others to enact similar laws. This a commonsense law to help prevent would-be mass shooters from amassing weapons.
The Trump administration is trying to gut a payday lending rule that was crafted to protect borrowers from crippling debt. People shouldn’t be offered predatory loans that they cannot pay back. The CFPB must explain why it intends to repeal these important safeguards.
I’m glad to see @DavidCicilline introduce an assault weapons ban in the House with a record number of cosponsors. Our streets are no place for these weapons of war and I look forward to working with you to get this bill passed! 
Today marks 77 years since FDR signed an executive order sending 110,000 American citizens and Japanese nationals to internment camps. The #DayofRemembrance serves as a stark reminder that racism, xenophobia and fearmongering run contrary to our most basic American values.
It’s also clear that this is unconstitutional. Congress appropriates funds, not the president. Congress specifically refused to fund the president’s wall at the level he requested the Constitution does not allow him to overrule Congress when it comes to spending federal dollars
The reason President Trump said he didn’t need to declare an emergency is because there is no emergency. Border crossings are at their lowest levels in years. In 2000, CBP reported more than 1.6 million apprehensions at the border. In 2017, it was just 303,916 apprehensions.
I support the suit brought by California and 15 other states against President Trump’s so-called border emergency, which isn’t really an emergency at all. As President Trump said in his Rose Garden speech on Friday, ‘I didn’t need to do this, but I’d rather do it much faster.’
Despite the immediate danger posed by climate change, many middle school and high school teachers lack the training to teach students about it. Our bill will create professional development grants for teachers to ensure students are getting the best education they can.
Happy President’s Day! Take a moment to read about some of our nation’s leaders in the Library of Congress archive.
The Trump administration’s efforts to increase exports of numerous weapons, including blue prints to make 3D weapons, are dangerous. Our bill would put a stop to this policy change, reducing the number of dangerous weapons on the global market.
During the government shutdown, as hundreds of thousands of federal workers weren’t being paid, the president canceled a planned pay raise. Indefensible. I’m glad the bill Congress passed yesterday restored that well-deserved pay increase for these workers.
Good news! As part of the funding bill Congress passed yesterday, the FDA must now ensure mammography reports include appropriate breast-density information. Dense tissue can hide cancer on mammograms, so this information is vital to catching breast cancer early.
After back-to-back years of deadly and destructive wildfires, President Trump’s shutdown stopped critical projects designed to prevent and mitigate future wildfires. We’re asking the Forest Service to clarify what the status of efforts are now that the government has reopened.
The incomparable Susan B. Anthony was born this day in 1820. We’re forever indebted to her and the fight she led for equal rights. We have much left to do, but we’ve made a lot of progress because of the great example she left us. Happy birthday.
Thank you Sandy Hook Promise for supporting our Extreme Risk Protection Order Act. Our bill would block dangerous individuals who are a threat to themselves or others from getting their hands on guns. I look forward to working with you to get this done!
Federal contract workers went weeks without pay during the shutdown, causing significant hardship for many. I joined @SenCortezMasto on a bill to allow them to access their retirement funds without penalties to help make ends meet.
There’s no national emergency at the border. Unauthorized border crossings are at their lowest levels in decades, about one-third of their peak levels two decades ago. If there were an emergency, the president wouldn’t have waited two years to make this political decision.
While I’m proud of what’s in the omnibus, Congress still has work to finish several items not included in the final bill. Chief among those is disaster funding for California wildfire victims and an extension of the Violence Against Women Act.
The bill also provides funding for proven border security measures without wasting resources on a massive border wall. With long-term funding now in place, we can hopefully begin to restore public confidence that the government will always be open and ready to serve.
BREAKING: the Senate just passed a funding bill to avoid another shutdown. This omnibus bill keeps the entire federal government open and makes key investments in California, including full funding for all of our major mass-transit projects.
California, Maryland and Florida have already done so, and the federal government should support other states that want to follow their lead. Read more about our bill: 
Families have little recourse if they want to ensure their loved ones don’t get their hands on guns that could be used to kill themselves or others. Our bill would help states establish a court process to allow that to happen.
One common thread that runs through mass shootings in this country is that family friends are often the first to be aware that perpetrators pose threats to themselves or others. The Parkland shooter had a history of making threatening statements, but police had no power to act.
Pleased to see the Senate unanimously pass a bill to make lynching a federal crime. Congress has tried nearly 200 times to pass similar legislation. It’s long past time we recognize this heinous, racist crime for what it is and I hope to see the House move this bill soon.
#SinceParkland, 1,200 American children have been killed by gun violence. The school experience for young people today has become one of active-shooter drills and fear. We owe this generation more, and safe schools is a big part of that.
Mr. Barr may be a fine attorney, but he is not the right choice to lead the Department of Justice under this president, with several active investigations implicating the president, his campaign advisers and inner circle.
Bill Barr argued the president has no check on his authority, an assertion that flies in the face of the Constitution and should be concerning to all Americans.
BREAKING: @HouseJudiciary last night passed the first major gun-safety bill out of committee in YEARS. The Bipartisan Background Checks Act, passed by a party-line vote, should be supported by ALL members of Congress. I’m a proud supporter of its Senate counterpart.
One year ago tragedy struck in #Parkland when 17 students were killed. The Parkland survivors continue to show incredible determination in their fight for real gun reform and I’m proud to stand with them. #EnoughIsEnough
RT @HouseJudiciary: BREAKING: @HouseJudiciary just passed #HR8 the Bipartisan Background Checks Act. This is the first major gun violence p…
RT @HouseJudiciary: BREAKING: @HouseJudiciary just passed #HR1112, the Enhanced Background Checks Act. This bill addresses a loophole that…
.@NASA’s Opportunity rover was given a 90-day mission but spent 15 years on Mars! Its longevity was due in no small part to the Herculean effort of the 6,000 employees at California’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory. A job well done and something to be proud of!
I’m glad to see @RepMaxineWaters and the Financial Services Committee hold a hearing on homelessness in America. I’m committed to doing everything possible to support communities across the country grappling with this issue.
Our commonsense legislation would fix that mistake by removing the cap for state and local taxes and restoring the pre-Trump tax rate for the top income bracket.
Few places are feeling that pain more than California. Due to the cap on state and local taxes, an estimated 134,000 Californian households will have a larger tax bill than the previous year under the president’s plan. Californians shouldn’t be taxed twice on the same income.
In 2017, to help pay for their tax bill, Republicans wiped out or capped many popular deductions for middle-class families. The loss of those deductions is now hurting many Americans filing for the first time under the new system.
Federal workers’ paychecks should never be withheld as a negotiating tactic. Shutdowns have real, harmful consequences. Our bipartisan resolution sends a simple message” “The government should never resort to a shutdown again.”
Not only have a large number President Trump’s nominees been confirmed, but they’ve been confirmed twice as fast as President Obama’s were. This rules change is merely the latest attempt to stack the federal bench with young, conservative ideologues.
Republicans claim they must change the rules because Democrats are obstructing nominees. This is false. The Senate has confirmed far more nominees in President Trump’s first two years than it did in President Obama’s first two years.
Senate Republicans are trying to change Senate rules to confirm district court nominees with far less time for debate on their records and fitness for the bench
RT @McClatchyDC: After the shooting of 14 students and three adults at a Florida high school by a former student, parents and students rall…
RT @SenateDems: “Taken to its natural conclusion, Mr. Barr's analysis squarely places this president above the law.” —@SenFeinstein explain…
WATCH: Serious concerns about Bill Barr’s nomination as attorney general.
The Trump administration is preventing DACA recipients from visiting sick and dying family members overseas or participating in study/work abroad programs. This is a cruel policy that the administration can and must reverse.
Teeming with life – from desert tortoises to bighorn sheep, breathtaking wildflower blooms to iconic Joshua trees – few places rival the unique beauty of California’s desert. It’s a defining part of California’s landscape and we must preserve it.
This bill marks a 25 year effort to better manage the California desert. It fulfills the promise to off-roaders and environmental groups that we wouldn’t stop with the 1994 bill. More importantly, it shows we can expand protections while ensuring the desert remains open for all.
BREAKING: The Senate just passed the California Desert Protection and Recreation Act, our bill to update and expand protections for 716,000 acres of the California desert.
Happy 210th birthday to President Abraham Lincoln. A great friend to California, he signed legislation in 1864 setting aside the Yosemite Valley for preservation. Learn more about how President Lincoln shaped our history:
I’m proud to support the #FAMILYAct, because whether it’s to care for a new child or recover from a serious illness, workers should be able to take leave without jeopardizing their jobs or economic security. It’s time we give hardworking Americans the #PaidLeave they deserve.
National monuments fuel an $887 billion outdoor recreation economy, sustain 7.6 million jobs across the country create billions in tax revenue. In the face of relentless attacks by the Trump administration, we’re standing up for public lands by strengthening the Antiquities Act
We’re sending a simple message today: that the Senate “rejects the future use of a government shutdown as a negotiating tactic; and believes that the government should never resort to a shut down again.”
Government shutdowns are dangerous, harmful and should never be used as a negotiation tool, period. The government must remain open and ready to serve, and it’s our job to ensure that happens.
It’s time to end the cycle of lurching from funding crisis to funding crisis and return to regular order. I hope the president accepts the agreement reached by congressional leaders last night.
It was wonderful sitting down with my current group of interns. Such an intelligent group of students with bright futures ahead! If you’d like to apply to my intern program you can submit an application on my website.
Congress gave the president Section 232 tariff authority to quickly respond to national security threats, not to pick political fights. California farmers and manufacturers are being needlessly hurt by President Trump’s trade wars. We must stop his abuse of these tariff powers.
The Louisiana law is nearly identical to the Texas law struck down by the court as unconstitutional in 2016, and Kavanaugh’s willingness to let it proceed demonstrates his views on Roe v. Wade and women’s reproductive freedoms, despite what he testified to in the Senate.
While I’m pleased the Supreme Court agreed to temporarily block a Louisiana abortion law, it’s troubling, but not surprising, that Kavanaugh wrote a separate dissent arguing the court should disregard long-standing precedent, despite his assurances that he'd respect precedent.
Glad to join @SenKamalaHarris to reintroduce a bill strengthening labor protections for farmworkers. These workers feed America and we have a responsibility to ensure they’re paid fairly for their labor.
Minority borrowers disproportionately receive riskier, more expensive loans when purchasing a home. Last year, Congress erased measures to prevent this discrimination. Our bill will restore those measures and ensure all borrowers are treated fairly.
The country lost an amazing man with the passing of John Dingell, and my thoughts are with his wife Debbie. From his service in World War II to nearly 60 years in the House of Representatives, John was a real patriot and loved his country. He’ll be missed.
That’s why I’ve re-introduced the Keep Families Together Act. This bill would prohibit family separation and protect the rights of both parents and children. Basic, humane protections should not be controversial. I hope all senators, Democrat and Republican alike, will join me.
I’m glad to see the House hold hearings on family separation on our southern border today. Keeping families together should not be a partisan issue. Tearing children away from their parents is simply un-American.
The Trump administration is maintaining that it can’t find and won’t reunify many children who were torn from their parents last year. Worse, these separations continue today despite a court order to end them. This is unconscionable, and we must act.
Barr would not commit to releasing the Mueller report and protecting all the Trump-related investigations. The American people deserve an attorney general who will be independent, uphold the Constitution, and represent the people not the president.
William Barr’s refusal to commit to releasing the Mueller report is deeply concerning as well as his refusal to protect ALL the investigations impacting Trump’s interest.
Barr would not even separate himself from President Trump’s threats to nullify constitutional guarantees of citizenship to anyone born on U.S. soil. The American people deserve an attorney general who is committed to the constitution, not the president.
Barr would not say Roe v. Wade was correctly decided. He would not say that waterboarding is torture. He would not affirm that the constitution ensures citizenship to children born in the United States.
Republicans are holding a #MonsterMarkup to push through more than 40 judges along with attorney general nominee William Barr. Many of these nominees have little or no experience as judges and several are opposed by home-state senators.
The lack of blue slips from home state senators for nominees included in this #MonsterMarkup is inexcusable. Republicans demanded they approve of every nominee and used blue slips to block nominees since the tradition began.
Until the Trump administration, the only time a nominee was confirmed without two blue slips was when the chair moved a nominee over the objections of his OWN party, not the minority party. #MonsterMarkup
Republicans are not representing the history of the blue slip tradition accurately. Before they took control in 2017, no nominee had been confirmed without a blue slip in ~30 years. #MonsterMarkup
William Barr's expansive views of presidential power, including that sitting presidents cannot be indicted, combined with his refusal to commit to make the Mueller report public make it clear why he’s not the right person to lead the Justice Dept.
WATCH NOW: The Senate Judiciary Committee is holding a markup to vote on the nomination of William Barr to be attorney general, along with dozens of federal judges.
Happy National Girls Women in Sports Day! All women should feel empowered playing sports, but even today, women have fewer opportunities than men. That’s why I’ll never stop advocating for Title IX and why I was proud to pass a bill protecting young athletes from sexual abuse.
The science couldn’t be clearer. The last five years are the hottest on record and ushered in record wildfires, frequent hurricanes and devastating floods. We can’t continue to debate what is a clear conclusion. The Earth is warming and our fossil fuel dependency is the cause.
The lands package includes our desert bill that will ensure the California desert is preserved for generations to come. It protects 375,000 acres of wilderness, establishes 6 permanent off-highway vehicle areas and adds 42,0000 acres to Joshua Tree Death Valley National Parks.
The Senate is now debating a bipartisan public lands package. We were able to include some important California priorities that will hopefully pass the Senate and House soon.
Glad to see the House Judiciary Committee hold a hearing on gun violence. This is a public health crisis and we need to act. The Senate Judiciary Committee should hold our own hearings and pass commonsense gun reform like red flag laws and an assault weapons ban.
A huge cavity has formed under the Thwaites Glacier in Antarctica. If it collapses, sea levels could rise by another two feet in a matter of decades! This is just one glacier. We must cut carbon emissions quickly by investing in cleaner energy sources.
As if forcing them to go without pay wasn’t enough, President Trump imposed a pay freeze for civil servants while his shutdown went on. Proud to join my colleagues on a bill to give federal employees a 2.6% raise to help ensure they’re paid a fair wage for their service.
If Neomi Rao hears a case involving an issue she worked on in the Trump administration she should recuse. Greg Katsas made this pledge just two years ago, but Rao refused.
It was wonderful seeing Maria, who obtained a visa to return to work and reunite with her beautiful family after being deported last year. Maria’s presence at the #SOTU reminds us that we should not prioritize hardworking people like her for deportation.
BREAKING: New GAO report shows President Trump spends tens of millions of dollars to travel to Mar-a-Lago at taxpayer expense – including government funds paid directly to his own business. Trump’s first 4 trips cost $13.6 million, including $60,000 paid directly to Mar-a-Lago.
Neomi Rao has led the Trump administration’s efforts to abolish regulations protecting consumers, the environment and students. This is particularly concerning to me because one of those regulations is based on landmark legislation I authored to increase fuel economy standards.
More than 20 years ago, we introduced the Breast Cancer Research Stamp as first class postage sold by @USPS. It has now raised $88 million for breast cancer research efforts. Show your support and help fund the search for a cure.
The scourge of gun violence isn’t only affecting our communities but the law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line to protect us. Senate Republicans must stop obstructing commonsense gun reform and let us pass expanded background checks and an assault weapons ban.
Happy Lunar New Year to all those celebrating in California and across the country. I hope the #YearOfThePig is a prosperous and peaceful one for everyone!
Happy birthday to #RosaParks. Her life inspired generations of Americans to fight for equality. On what would have been her 106th birthday, let’s remember the incredible legacy she left the world by doing what she knew was right in the face of incredible discrimination.
Our bill would bar the transfer of any funding from other programs to the construction, land acquisition or other activities related to President Trump’s border wall following any potential emergency declaration, unless Congress specifically authorized it.
The Constitution gives Congress, not the president, the power of the purse. Congress dedicated funds for flood protection and military construction projects. That’s how those funds should be spent, not diverted by President Trump for his wasteful, unworkable border wall.
President Trump has repeatedly threatened to declare a national emergency to bypass Congress and finance construction of his border wall. The funds most at risk of being misdirected to build the wall are Army Corps flood protection funds and military construction funding.
San Diego secured its 100th restraining order to keep firearms out of the hands of dangerous people. California shows that red-flag laws work. They are lawful, constitutional and keep us all safer. I'll be introducing legislation on this issue soon.
I couldn’t be prouder of the #LARams tonight. This team has come so far in a such a short period of time. I can’t wait to see what next season brings. #RamsHouse
Good luck to the #LARams today! Congratulations on an impressive season, now let’s finish the job! #SBLIII #RamsHouse
Yesterday, Customs and Border Protection announced its largest-ever fentanyl bust. A wall didn’t stop these deadly drugs, skilled agents and technology at a legal port of entry did.
Let’s kick off #BlackHistoryMonth by remembering the generations of black Americans who courageously pursued the cause of equality. There’s work yet to do, but I know the leaders of this generation will continue the march forward.
Education Secretary DeVos is trying to gut protections for sexual assault survivors with a Title IX rule change. Students, survivors, advocates and colleges have all come out against this rule, and my colleagues and I proudly join them in voicing our opposition. #HandsOffIX
The North American Development Bank funds infrastructure projects along the U.S.-Mexico border that improve air water quality. It’s a vital part of our effort to stop untreated sewage from flowing into the U.S. our bill will fund more of these projects in border communities.
BREAKING: FEMA has extended the deadline for residents in Butte, Los Angeles and Ventura counties who suffered damages from the Camp, Hill or Woolsey fires to apply for disaster assistance. The new deadline is February 15. More info can be found here.
Chairman Graham said he wants to protect senators’ role in nominations. The best way to do that is the blue-slip tradition. When a Democrat was president, Republicans strongly defended blue slips Democrats honored them. That shouldn’t change because a Republican is president.
.@SenKamalaHarris and I even identified candidates selected by the White House we could support to demonstrate our willingness to work cooperatively. Unfortunately, the White House is moving forward with three nominees to a circuit court who have no judicial experience.
I am deeply disappointed that the White House has chosen to re-nominate Daniel Collins and Kenneth Lee to the Ninth Circuit. We made clear our opposition to these individuals and told the White House we wanted to work together to come to consensus on a new package of nominees.
I had the good fortune of meeting with the Illumination Foundation to discuss the work they’re doing in California to provide beds for the homeless. Over the last 10 years they’ve provided nearly 1 million nights of shelter to some of our state’s most vulnerable.
Great to meet today with Speaker Rendon and senior members of the California Assembly. I look forward to continuing our work together on California priorities like wildfire prevention, water, and lowering the cost of health care and expanding coverage.
New study shows the rate of child deaths from firearms has doubled in the last decade. We need to do more to stop this crisis.
Democrats remain concerned about whether Bill Barr would allow Congress and the American people to view any report submitted by Special Counsel Mueller in its entirety. The American people deserve to know what Special Counsel Mueller has found. My remarks:
The #LillyLedbetterFairPayAct was a landmark bill in the fight against gender discrimination. 10 years later, the pay gap persists. On average, women make just 80 cents for every $1 a white man makes. Let’s pass the #PaycheckFairnessAct and make equal pay for equal work reality!
