A bit of light reading before tonight's game. #GoGreen
Next week @Astro_Christina from Grand Rapids will blast off to join @AstroAnnimal at the International @Space_Station. There they will embark on the first all-female spacewalk—including both astronauts and the flight directors at mission control.
I’m making sure the Trump Administration is held accountable when it comes to taxpayer dollars, because hardworking Michiganders deserve to know how their money is being spent.
This week I had the pleasure of meeting our @SenateYouth delegates from Michigan. Congratulations Luke and Serena!
Rising costs of higher ed should never stop students from furthering their careers and pursuing their dreams. This bipartisan bill will support paths for Michigan students to gain college credit without having to take on student debt.
I’m proud to work alongside my dear friend @SenStabenow representing Michigan, where all of our top statewide officials are women. Our state is better because of their hard work. Happy #InternationalWomensDay.
Michiganders expect us to work together in a bipartisan way to find solutions to the very serious challenges facing our nation. I’m going to continue working with both parties to achieve results.
The right to vote is fundamental to our democracy. I’m proud to cosponsor the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2019 because every American should have access to the ballot box.
Watch the full clip where I demand answers from our military leaders —&gt;
Many military families are living in privatized on-base housing. Servicemembers like Rachael Kilpatrick and her family have been subjected to unacceptable conditions, including infestations of termites black mold. We must ensure military families are living in safe conditions.
RT @RachaelKilp: A huge thank you to @SenGaryPeters and his office for taking the time and meeting with @cal_19 and I today. Thank you for…
Glad I could meet with Michigander Army Specialist Rachael Kilpatrick and her husband Calvin before today’s @SASCDems hearing. Rachael and her family were living in military housing that was deemed unlivable—causing them to suffer health issues. This is absolutely unacceptable.
I look forward to working together with the @USGAO to make sure PFAS contamination is addressed swiftly and efficiently.
I'm speaking on the Senate floor about why I oppose Chad Readler’s nomination. He has helped lead the Trump Administration’s charge to return to an era when health insurance companies could discriminate against people with preexisting
Proud to support new legislation that would restore #NetNeutrality protections. Access to an open internet is crucial for entrepreneurs, small business owners, students families across Michigan. We need to take action to #SaveTheNet.
I received more info from @SecAFOfficial regarding PFAS cleanup efforts at the former Wurtsmith Base in Iosco County. Looking forward to having Asst. Secretary Henderson in Oscoda to meet with families impacted by PFAS exposure.
Thank you again to my friend @RepDebDingell for delivering these to my office this morning!
I may be in DC, but that’s not about to stop me from enjoying a Michigan favorite. Happy #PaczkiDay everyone!
Great to see students from Grosse Point North, West Bloomfield High, and L'Anse Creuse North while they were in town last week.
Ted never backed down from a challenge, on or off the ice. He helped establish the first NHL players’ union and later created a foundation that has raised millions for autism research. Thanks for all you gave to @DetroitRedWings and Hockeytown fans, Ted.
Last week I had the privilege of meeting with folks from the @ONECampaign. It’s time to #StepUpTheFight against AIDS, TB and malaria.
Our @USCG Icebreaker ship in the Great Lakes is over 50 years old. You can only hold those together with bubblegum and tape for so long. Glad we can start the process of acquiring a new ship using funding I helped secure.
See how my bipartisan self-initiation trade bill would help our Michigan producers, including our cherry farmers —&gt;
Congrats on your retirement, Elmer! It's well-deserved after a record 67 years with @GM and @UAW.
We need to address PFAS, which is why I am helping lead a bipartisan group of my colleagues in introducing legislation that will force the clean-up of contaminated communities in Michigan and around the nation.
RT @HSGAC: After concerns that @BetsyDeVosED interfered in an internal investigation on for-profit colleges, Ranking Member @SenGaryPeters…
As a member of the Armed Services Committee, it's my priority to make sure our servicemembers have the equipment and techonolgy they need to stay safe and protect our nation. It was a pleasure meeting with you, @SecArmy.
While I have worked to bring Senate action through legislation and hearings, the Wheeler-led @EPA thinks action can wait. Michigan families deserve better.
Under Wheeler's leadership, the @EPA has failed to take aggressive action to list PFAS chemicals as hazardous wastes. They haven't established enforceable limits to protect drinking water, nor have they helped limit exposure to these toxic substances.
Communities across my state – and around the country – are facing another emerging drinking water crisis – this time from toxic fluorinated chemicals – known as PFAS – that are currently unregulated by the @EPA.
Flint families need someone who has fought for clean drinking water consistently. Andrew Wheeler isn't that champion.
I have championed these vital efforts because protecting our environment is in Michigan’s best interest – and I will never let up on this fight. There is so much more work to do and even more pressing challenges ahead of us.
In the U.S. Senate, I’ve led the charge to protect the Great Lakes from pipeline spills – and pressured industry to cut down their deadly sulfur dioxide emissions that gave Michigan communities some of the highest rates of asthma in the country.
In my first term in Congress, I supported landmark climate change legislation that sought to drastically reduce deadly greenhouse gas emissions that are continuing to warm our planet at an unsustainable rate.
When I represented the City of Detroit in the U.S House of Representatives, I fought to end harmful air pollution coming from piles of petcoke that left homes coated in dust while being breathed into the lungs of residents.
I have spent my entire career in public service fighting to protect our environment.In the Michigan State Senate – I worked to ban oil drilling under the Great Lakes – to preserve our most precious source of clean drinking water.
I'm disappointed the Senate confirmed someone to lead @EPA who does not want to protect the environment.Watch live as I talk about why I voted against Andrew Wheeler's confirmation and the urgent need to address climate change. —&gt;
I’m about to speak on the Senate Floor about why I voted against @EPA Andrew Wheeler’s confirmation what it means for communities all over Michigan and the country.
I reintroduced my BRAVE Act to make sure our men and women who have sacrificed so much to defend our country receive the benefits they earned through their service, including a dignified burial.
Michael Cohen’s testimony reinforces the importance for the Mueller investigation to follow the facts wherever they lead—and the need to protect that investigation from interference. Then, when the investigation is complete, the findings MUST be made public.
The @USCG only has one icebreaker ship in the Great Lakes, making it difficult to carry out winter missions. This new funding starts the process of acquiring another ship which will help protect our economy, environment coastal communities year-round.
The @EPA’s new ‘plan’ only kicks the can down the road. Michiganders need the EPA to establish an enforceable standard. I'll continue working in the Senate to protect Michiganders and communities from PFAS exposure.
Michigan producers including cherry growers are hurt by foreign competitors using unfair trading practices. We must ensure producers businesses can compete on a level playing field. That's why I reintroduced bipartisan self-initiation trade legislation.
Interested in working in my office this summer? We have opportunities in DC and Michigan! Apply by March 1 for DC, or by April 1 for in-state.
This is great news for Michigan workers and the City of Detroit. Congratulations to @MayorMikeDuggan all who worked to make this possible. I’ll continue to support economic growth and manufacturing in Michigan.
Colleen and I send our condolences to the family friends of Bill Broomfield, who served our country both in the Army Air Corps during World War II and in the House of Representatives for decades. He made Oakland County, our state our nation proud and will be missed.
Thank you @SWCRC for having me today. I look forward to our continued partnership and working with you to build on the economic growth Downriver.
See the highlights from my time at the International Bridge in Sault Ste. Marie ️
Great win going into March @MSU_basketball! #GoGreen
The opioid epidemic has impacted communities all over the country. I'm glad bipartisan provisions I introduced were signed into law to help expand treatment options to adolescents and young adults.
A fierce advocate for civil rights, Cora Brown became the first African-American woman in the country elected to a state senate seat. #BlackHistoryMonth
My legislation that was signed into law will require federal officials to assess our ports of entry. That review will look at ways to make trade more efficient and strengthen security.
The 2020 census will decide everything from Michigan’s representation in Congress to the amount of federal funding we receive.I’m glad the newly enacted funding bill gives additional resources to the @USCensusBureau to help us get closer to the goal of counting all Michiganders.
Everyone in Michigan the US deserves clean drinking water. I’ll continue focusing on efforts to protect Michiganders address PFAS. Congressional action is needed to establish an enforceable standard.
The federal government wastes billions of dollars on improper payments every year. Glad my bipartisan bill to help address this issue and save taxpayer dollars is advancing.
Michigan’s automotive tradition not only explains our past—it inspires future generations of scientists, designers engineers. As we continue to lead in the future of mobility, I'm pleased to help preserve the story of how Michigan put America on wheels.
Part of representing our great state is being out in the community (snowstorm or not!) and hearing firsthand from Michiganders. Last weekend, I enjoyed going across the UP from the UP200 race in Marquette to the Coast Guard station in Sault Ste. Marie.
My bipartisan legislation could save taxpayers billions of dollars.This bill aims to cut improper payments made by the government by ensuring agencies have the tools they need to stop fraud or mistakes, and address the root causes of incorrect
As Ranking Member on @HSGAC, it’s my job to hold federal agencies accountable, which is why I'm demanding answers on why the Department of Education tried to replace their independent watchdog while @BetsyDeVosED was under internal investigation.
Today on #LoveYourPetDay, I’m especially glad my PAWS Act was signed into law. It expands federal domestic violence protections to include threats or acts of violence against pets.
Proud of the work being done in Macomb County across Michigan. Many of these new manufacturing jobs require specific skills training, which is why I’ve worked to expand awareness of career and technical education to make sure this growth continues.
Federal agencies often can't offer the same salaries benefits as Silicon Valley — making it more important to have policies that sustain grow our cybersecurity ranks. This is exactly what my bill aims to address.
Part of keeping our promise to our veterans is ensuring they have support as they transition back to civilian life. This is why I introduced the DRIVE Act, which will ensure veterans play a larger role in building our crumbling roads, bridges tunnels.
Thanks for showing me around downtown Holland today. This reaffirms to me that Michigan’s small businesses are the engines of economic growth. As a member of the Commerce Committee, one of my top priorities is ensuring small businesses have the resources they need to succeed.
Doctor Ida Gray Nelson graduated dental school at the University of Michigan in 1890. She later opened up her own private practice. #BlackHistoryMonth
Today I visited the @SaultBridge and heard from border officials about challenges facing our Northern Border. My bipartisan legislation that's now law, requires a review of the strengths vulnerabilities of our ports which will help streamline commerce target illegal activity.
What an honor to drop the puck at the @HockeyLSSU vs @mtuhky hockey game tonight.
Marathon’s proposal poses significant risks to the Detroit River and the health of local residents. I hope the proposal is rejected. I am committed to continuing to help lead efforts in the Senate related to federal safety rules regarding pet coke.
Thanks to the members of the @USGC in Sault Ste. Marie who gave me a tour and introduced me to their Coast Guard Cutter, BUCKTHORN.
.@mkraju we missed you at the #UP200 last night—you should've stopped by, wind chill was in single digits! Practically a heat wave compared to when you stopped by in 2014.
Excited to be at this year’s #UP200 in Marquette! Always enjoy being here for this UP tradition.
The @UpperGreatLakes Sawyer Family Health Center in Gwinn is doing important work in addressing the opioid epidemic. This crisis is affecting people of all ages all over Michigan, so I’m glad provisions from my YOUTH Act will improve resources for youth treatment programs.
In the past, national emergencies have been invoked during the most immediate and dire threats to our homeland – like September 11th – and it should not be used to fulfill a campaign promise. Read my full statement:
I was proud to join @SenStabenow in leading this effort to honor the life and legacy of Chairman Dingell. He was my mentor and my friend, and his service to Michiganders and our country will never be forgotten.
The Land Water Conservation Fund helps protect some of our favorite places in Michigan like @SleepingBearNPS, @BelleIsle_Park, @PicturedRocksNL more.Proud to permanently reauthorize #LWCF as part of bipartisan legislation that passed the Senate earlier this week.
The bipartisan tributes at the funeral for Chairman John Dingell are a testament to his extraordinary service to our country. I feel lucky to have known Chairman Dingell and am glad I had a chance to attend today’s service before he is laid to rest. Mr. Chairman, we miss you.
Each and every day, people across the country die of gun violence. Congress needs to put partisanship aside and expand background checks to help prevent future tragedies.
A year ago today, the tragic school shooting in Parkland took the lives of 17 students and teachers. After that tragedy, students across the country mobilized to say enough is enough.
Congress must direct the @EPA to take swift action to ensure our drinking water is safe, prevent exposure to contamination, and expedite clean-up and assistance for those affected. I will keep working to protect Michiganders and people across the country from PFAS exposure.
This report makes it even clearer to me that this Administration will continue to delay action for as long as possible. I have little confidence in the @EPA's ability to initiate enforceable cleanup and drinking water regulations.
This plan falls far short of the commitments promised by the @EPA a year ago. We know PFAS can have devastating health impacts – and Michigan families that have been exposed rightly deserve answers, but more importantly they deserve action.
Thanks for stopping by yesterday!
Chairman John Dingell touched the lives of so many during his time in Congress, and we’re gathering these memories. If you have a story about the Chairman, please reply or direct message it to us.
Our Great Lakes hold one-fifth of the world’s fresh water but don't get the same science funding as the saltwater coasts. My bipartisan Great Lakes Fishery Research Authorization Act will boost research efforts help support the fishery industry.
I am so disappointed that our plane couldn't land in Michigan due to inclement weather. But I’ll be at the ceremony to honor Chairman Dingell's life on Thursday in DC.
RT @MIPOAM: A local public safety department houses pets for victims of domestic violence after @SenGaryPeters' new law, the Pet and Women'…
On this @UAW’s White Shirt Day, let us remember Chairman Dingell’s tireless fight for Michigan workers and the labor movement. In his honor, we continue to fight for better wages, access to health care, and civil rights.
Over 80 years ago, autoworkers here in Flint took a stand—by taking a seat. They fought for the right to band together and collectively bargain for their rights as workers. That sit-in helped lift millions into the middle class. Proud to honor this day with @UAW members in Flint.
Congrats to Frankenmuth's @GretaVanFleet on the win last night. #Grammys2019
Dr. Alexa Canady made history when she became the first African American woman in the US to become a neurosurgeon. After only four years at the Children's Hospital of Michigan, she became chief of the department, helping bring the hospital national recognition. #BlackHistoryMonth
Please stay safe in Portland as the flood warning continues.
We’re gathering memories of our friend Chairman John Dingell. Whether you were an intern or a lifelong constituent, please reply or direct message to share your story.
Congratulations to our new Solicitor General of Michigan, Fadwa Hammoud, on her history-making appointment. She will fight for justice and for the rights of all
Proud of the work being done in in Essexville. I'm glad my Pet and Womens Safety (PAWS) legislation was signed into law and is making it possible for their Public Safety Department to welcome pets into their facilities.
I just found a few more photos with Rep. John Dingell. We miss him deeply.
This is a clear conflict of interest on what should be a top public health priority for the @EPA. I’m working on addressing PFAS because we need to protect our water and communities from these dangerous chemicals.
I heard from @SecAFOfficial yesterday and was assured the Air Force will work with the State of Michigan in regards to PFAS contamination around the former Wurtsmith Base.Congress must set enforceable standards to guide clean up at contaminated sites.
Chairman Dingell will always be with us because his legacy will be forever woven into the history of Michigan and our country. Colleen and I are grieving with @RepDebDingell and the Dingell family as we remember the extraordinary Dean of the House. We will miss you Mr. Chairman.
John was a true statesman: he embodied the values, spirit, dedication that all public servants should aspire to have. He was a mentor to me countless others who sought to give back to their communities. I will never forget his wise counsel as I learned my way around Congress.
Thank you for this honor! I look forward to our continued partnership.
I am urging @BetsyDeVosED to withdraw her proposed Title IX rule and address the epidemic of sexual assault in our K–12 schools, colleges, and universities by listening to students and survivors.
I'm pleased to announce that @USDOT will award a grant totaling $19.2 million to the @MichiganDOT for disaster recovery projects in Gogebic, Houghton and Meonminee Counties. It will be used to repair roads that were damaged in the flash flooding last year.
Aretha Franklin was a global icon and fierce advocate for civil rights, women’s rights and the City of Detroit. She will continue to inspire artists and activists for generations.I'm proud to join the effort to honor the Queen of Soul with the Congressional Gold Medal.
As Congress works on a bipartisan border security plan, I’m pushing for it to include the most effective and cost-effective ways to secure the Northern Southern borders — adding the right mix of staff, technology and infrastructure to keep our country safe.
Colleen and I are keeping you and John in our thoughts today.
Here’s my statement on the President’s #SOTU.
Deal! Glad the @GVSU selfie tradition will continue going strong.
So fortunate that Dr. @PhillyHigherEd could join me for tonight's #SOTU. Dr. Mantella knows education is integral to the future of our state, and she will lead @GVSU in making sure students gain the skills they need to succeed and our businesses have a strong talent pipeline.
RT @GVSU: #GVSU President-elect Philomena Mantella will attend the State of the Union address in Washington, D.C. tonight as a guest of U.S…
Congratulations to Detroit's very own Rosalind Brewer.
I enjoyed sitting down with @Local4News @DevinScillian to talk about my effort to prevent future government shutdowns, #PFAS, work as Ranking Member on the Homeland Security Government Affairs Committee.
I look forward to @PhillyHigherEd joining me tomorrow for the State of the Union. She was recently named president of @GVSU and I'm hopeful we can work together on efforts to ensure students have the skills and training to succeed in today's workforce. #SOTU
Great to be with my friend @RepAndyLevin at his Swearing-in Ceremony in Warren yesterday. He’s going to do great work in this 116th Congress.
It is clear that PFAS are a significant health risk. We have to address it. That’s why I’m continuing to work on this critical issue for Michigan families and communities, crafting legislation and pressing for federal action.
The Air Force refuses to observe Michigan's water standards claim they aren't required to help clean up the contamination. I urge @SecAFOfficial to work with the state and come to Iosco County to meet local families and MEDQ officials to hear how this affects Michiganders.
The water around the former Wurtsmith Air Force base has shockingly high levels of PFAS, impacting the surrounding communities in Iosco County.But the Air Force has not been working in good faith with the State of Michigan in the decontamination process.
Black history is woven into the fabric of America. It tells the story of how far we’ve come, but also how much more must be done to ensure there is equality and justice for all Americans — no matter who they are or where they live.
As we recognize this year’s #BlackHistoryMonth, let us celebrate the contributions African Americans have made in every aspect of our society. From innovators and entrepreneurs to scientists and activists, African Americans have played an integral role in the American story.
I’m glad that necessary resources will be provided to organizations fighting to ensure that all survivors — both two legged and four legged — can begin a new chapter in their lives.
The PAWS Act expands existing federal domestic violence protections to include threats or acts of violence against a survivor’s pet, and provides grant funding to programs that offer shelter and housing assistance for domestic violence survivors with pets.
Today I’m at @Haven_Oakland at their new Farber Family Pet Center talking about my legislation called the Pet and Women’s Safety, or PAWS Act that was recently signed into law.
Whether it’s summer or winter, nothing beats #PureMichigan. Please stay warm as we get through this stretch of bitter cold.
ICYMI: You're all clear to raise your thermostat above 65 degrees at midnight.
The shutdown had a devastating impact on our economy many American families. It should never happen again. I'm sponsoring the Stop STUPIDITY Act, which would ensure federal funding doesn’t lapse if Congress the White House fail to reach an agreement.
Collecting this much personal data — especially from children — raises serious concerns about the practices of companies like Facebook. Congress needs to do more to protect
In 2017, I was honored to be named legislator of the year by @VVAmerica for my work to ensure veterans who may have wrongly been given a less-than-honorable discharge due to PTSD can get due process and receive benefits care they’ve earned.
51 years ago, the Tet Offensive began in Vietnam. Today we remember the thousands of service members who lost their lives and the countless Vietnam Veterans who came home to an unwelcoming country. Thank you for your service.
As Ranking Member of the Homeland Security Governmental Affairs Committee, I’m going to continue pressing the Administration to take action. We must protect Michiganders communities across the country from PFAS exposure.
We know #PFAS exposure can have devastating impacts on human health our environment. The Trump Administration must take action to protect Michiganders from these chemicals. By failing to do so, it is allowing PFAS contamination to spread into drinking water.
We’re in for some rough winter weather this week. Please make sure you and your family stay safe.
Great to be in Birmingham today at the swearing-in ceremony for @RepHaleyStevens. She is an excellent public servant and will serve her constituents well.
We can honor the victims and the survivors of the Holocaust by educating every new generation about the atrocities that occurred, so that they never happen again.
Today on International Holocaust Remembrance Day, #WeRemember the millions of innocent people murdered by the Nazis during the Holocaust, including six million of whom were killed because they were Jewish.
On this day 182 years ago, my favorite state officially joined the Union. Happy Birthday Michigan!
President Trump should have never shut down the government. Now that the government will be open we need to have a bipartisan approach to secure our borders. I look forward to working in the Senate to accomplish this critical goal and to ensure the government is funded this year.
These five public servants best understand the danger this shutdown poses to our national security. We should heed their warning and reopen the government now.
It was my honor to help ensure he received the Medal of Honor he deserved—he is a true American hero who will not be forgotten, and we are forever thankful for his service. My thoughts are with his family during this difficult time.
Lt. Col. Kettles refused to leave his fellow servicemembers behind during an ambush in Vietnam. His actions demonstrated the service and values that make our military great.
Democrats and Republicans agree we need to fix our immigration system and secure our borders, but the President should not be using thousands of Americans as leverage while we come up with practical solutions.
Michigan is the leader in mobility—this move reaffirms that. I'll continue supporting ways to ensure our state remains a leader in the future of the auto industry.
Colleen and I send our condolences to Tony’s family. Tony grew @CGHelps in Oakland County from a small organization to 200 employees and $13 million budget—providing mental health intervention services that have saved lives. He was a big part of the community will be missed.
If we had put it to a vote this shutdown would have been over weeks ago, but in the meantime @SenatorCantwell and I want to make sure that no travelers are put at risk.
Today we came together to celebrate the legacy of an inspirational figure, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Thanks for having me in Lansing this afternoon.
Started the day in Grand Rapids this morning reflecting on Dr. King’s lasting legacy. Great to be with so many community leaders.
Yesterday I attended the Martin Luther King Jr. Celebration at Mt. Zion Baptist Church in Kalamazoo. May Dr. King's legacy continue to inspire all of us every day.
Dr. King taught us that our country is at its strongest when we are united. In today’s uncertain times, we must strive to rise above divisiveness and bring those from all walks of life together to achieve Dr. King’s dream of greater opportunity for all.
This leaves Coast Guard emergency responders w/o essential guidance in the event of an oil spill. Both agencies along with PHMSA would have to call back furloughed workers in an emergency, creating even more delays.
A potential oil spill at the Straits could quickly become catastrophic. It would take days to recreate an oil trajectory model that achieves the accuracy of NOAA’s Coastal Forecasting System, which isn't operating because of the shutdown.
The President’s shutdown presents unacceptable risks to our Great Lakes. I urge the Administration to consider the full economic and environmental consequences to the region.
The President must reopen the government immediately and work with Congress to find a commonsense, bipartisan agreement to address our homeland security needs.
Fixing our long-broken immigration system and securing our borders are issues that deserve serious solutions, they should not be conditions of keeping the federal government's lights on.
The Line 5 pipeline is over 60 years old, and we've had some close calls in recent years. A potential leak would be catastrophic and made exponentially worse because of President Trump's shutdown. Michiganders and the Great Lakes are at serious
My heart goes out to my friend Candice and the entire Miller family. Colleen and I are thinking of them in this difficult time.
So glad I got to see @LittleMissFlint at our event in Flint this afternoon.
Even though all the cameras and the spotlight left, we will always be there for Flint.
In 2016, I worked on a bipartisan aid package that included funding to help fix Flint’s drinking water, upgrade water infrastructure in Michigan and across the country, and address the health care needs of children who have been exposed to lead.
Today I'm in Flint with @SenStabenow, @RepDanKildee @MonaHannaA talking about the progress that's been made in keeping Flint on the road to recovery.
Not only are people missing paychecks because of the President's shutdown, but it's also causing huge delays for people like Sue. She should be able to retire rather than wait out the shutdown as a furloughed employee.
On Monday I visited the @NAIASDetroit to see some of the great cars our Michigan @UAW workers make every day.
I wish Satish Udpa well as he steps in as MSU's interim president. I encourage the Board of Trustees that's searching for a permanent president to choose someone who will bring an outside perspective and treat survivors of sexual assault with the dignity and respect they deserve.
The President's shutdown is having huge negative effects on workers that Michiganders rely on every day. Our TSA agents ensure we're safe in the sky and our farmers ensure there's food on the table. There's no reason they should be held hostage in this.
I’m glad the Board is taking action. I have long believed that Mr. Engler was not the right person to lead MSU—and it’s been clear the healing process could not happen with him in charge.
The House passed legislation aiming to ensure Michiganders living w/ pre-existing conditions can afford quality care. The Senate should follow suit immediately.
Nicole works at @NOAA_GLERL and a member of @AFGENational. She isn't able to continue her important work because of the shutdown. The President needs to end this immediately. #ShutdownStories
Earlier this week I got to see the new Chevy Bolt that's made by @UAW workers right here in Michigan.
Check out some of the highlights from my visit to Eckhart in Warren last week via @FOX2News ️
Daniel is conducting critical research on the risk PFAS bring to our communities, a job that is exponentially more difficult during a shutdown. #ShutdownStories
RT @wwmtnews: Sen. Gary Peters continues to push for a PFAS report, despite the partial government shutdown.  He sent a letter to the EPA o…
Always great when I get to sit down with @SenStabenow to talk about the auto industry. Thanks for having us @PaulWJR.
This irresponsible shutdown has gone on for far too long. The President needs to end this so we as lawmakers can go back to serving the American people.
I’m at the @NAIASDetroit today seeing some of the newest technological advances that are changing the auto industry.
I'm proud to stand with our @AFGENational union members who organized a rally in downtown Detroit this week. This shutdown has gone on for too long, and hardworking Michiganders are being affected. This needs to end now.
Yesterday was the 60th anniversary of the birth of Motown Records. To celebrate, I’m sharing this photo of award winning Detroit-born Motown singer, songwriter, and record producer Smokey Robinson pictured with a fan.
It's official. This is the longest government shutdown in the history of the United States. President Trump needs to end this now before even more people are put in harm’s way.
There's no question that we need strong border security, but we need to spend taxpayer dollars effectively.
Michigan TSA workers, custom and border protection officers, air traffic controllers are all receiving their last paychecks today because of this shutdown. They shouldn't be held hostage over a refusal to compromise. I urge the President to end this now.
As Ranking Member on the Senate's top oversight committee, I'm looking into why park rangers are working at this tourist site in the Trump hotel during a shutdown when other parks landmarks have no staff to keep visitors safe.
There's no question that we need strong border security, but we need to be smart about how we go about it. My bipartisan Ports of Entry Review Act, which was signed into law, ensures people goods can pass in out of our country safely efficiently.
If Wheeler is confirmed as EPA Administrator, Scott Pruitt’s dangerous legacy will continue, and that’s why I can’t support his nomination.
One of my top priorities is ensuring our Great Lakes are protected for future generations. I voted against Andrew Wheeler’s nomination to be Deputy EPA Administrator because he consistently sided with special interests over clean air and water.
I’ve called for the EPA to take aggressive action in handling PFAS, but we need the President to open the government for that to happen. More and more Michiganders are put in harm’s way as this shutdown drags on. It must end immediately.
Are you a Michigander affected by the shutdown? I want to hear from you.Are you a TSA agent or in the @USCG and working without pay? Are you a Native American that relies on federal support?Whatever it is, please reply, direct message, or call my office to share your story.
Thank you to the Bay Area Women's Center for hosting me Monday. I'll continue working with shelters across Michigan to ensure abuse survivors and their pets have the support they need.
The MSU Board of Trustees needs to reinstate the Healing Assistance Fund at their meeting. The sexual assault survivors deserve to know they have the counseling and support that was promised to them so that they can move forward and heal.
It is completely unacceptable that the federal workers charged with keeping our country safe are forced to work without pay while the President doubles down on using tax dollars on a costly and ineffective wall that he promised Mexico would pay for.
Members of both parties support these commonsense provisions, which were included in the bipartisan Senate-passed bill to keep the government open.
Congress must secure both our Northern and Southern borders, including adding personnel at our points of entry and utilizing more cost-effective technology.
This is why I authored legislation, now law, that increases training and awareness of CTE programs for high school counselors.This opens new opportunities for young people, reduces student debt, and develops the workforce needed by our rapidly developing manufacturing industry.
This morning I saw firsthand how the Eckhart Advanced Technology Center in Warren is at the forefront of innovation in manufacturing. To ensure their continued success, the next generation of workers needs access to career and technical education (CTE) opportunities.
The Chippewa tribe in the UP relies on federal support for health clinics, food distribution, and other services that all have been jeopardized during shutdown.President Trump needs to open the government
I’m proud of my perfect score on the 2017 Humane Society Congressional Scorecard and will continue to work to advance legislation that promotes the well-being of animals and protects them from cruelty and inhumane conditions.
Oftentimes people delay leaving their abusive situations out of concern for the safety of their pets they must leave behind. The PAWS Act addresses this by providing funding for facilities that house abuse survivors and their pets.
Today I visited the Bay Area Women’s Center to talk about my bipartisan PAWS (Pet and Women's Safety) Act that was signed into law last month.
I met with some of our hardworking members of the @USCG at Saginaw River Station who are working to keep our state safe secure, but forced to work without pay because of the President’s government shutdown. There's no reason for that. This shutdown needs to end.
Agreed. Keeping the federal government open is one of our most basic responsibilities. We need to reopen it before we consider voting on anything else.
I spent this morning with UAW Local 362 in Bay City with some of our retired autoworkers. Proud to stand w/ @UAW in the fight for Michigan workers.
This is a heartbreaking tragedy. The Abbas family was very active in the Metro Detroit community. My thoughts are with the family and countless friends who knew them.
Michiganders rely on the TSA for safe air travel. President Trumps's shutdown is forcing many TSA agents to find side jobs so they can make ends meet. The President needs to end this immediately so workers can be compensated and air travel remains safe.
The President needs to end his shutdown immediately so Michiganders can get back to business.
Businesses in Michigan and throughout the country depend on the secure flow of goods and people through our ports. My bipartisan measure, that's now law, will reduce wait times at our ports while protecting against potential security
