Congratulations Sarah Katherine and Allan on being selected as the Louisiana winners of the U.S. @SenateYouth Program.  I’m impressed by the leadership you have exhibited at such a young age.  You’ve made Louisiana proud.
Happy #InternationalWomensDay I’m thankful for the intelligent hard-working women on my staff who handle issue portfolios like health care, banking, military communications. These women play a vital role in the day-to-day operation of my office. I'm honored to work with them.
Congratulations, John Fleming, on your 67-30 confirmation as assistant secretary of commerce for economic development.  I’m happy to see such a deserving man be confirmed to such a distinguished
Former Louisiana Congressman Dr. John Fleming was just overwhelmingly confirmed by the U.S. Senate to be the next assistant secretary of commerce for economic development. Congratulations, Dr. Fleming! This appointment was well-deserved!
.@senjudiciary committee update: I just voted in favor of moving Louisiana Supreme Court Justice Greg Guidry's nomination to the Senate floor for confirmation.  Justice Guidry will serve our state well as the future U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana.
Today in the Senate Judiciary Committee, I questioned Customs Border Protection Commissioner @CBP_McAleenan on the crisis at our southern border. His answers were clear.  Our border is not secure, and the problem is getting worse.
Louisianans aren’t used to the cold, but these students were troopers to brave the freezing winter to meet with me in D.C.  These students come from three schools in Louisiana, Metairie Park Country Day School, St. Amant High School and St. Mary’s Dominican High School.
I wish I could be home in Louisiana to celebrate Mardi Gras, but I hope everyone has a great time and stays safe.
The president isn't exercising authority that, in my judgement, Congress hasn’t given him. Past presidents have used the statute 60 times. The president not only has statutory authority given to him by Congress, but he has the precedent of 60 past national emergencies.
About to go live on @AmericaNewsroom. Tune in to watch!
I’ll be on @CNN this morning. Tune in to watch!
The @FRCdc is an advocate for religious liberties and pro-life issues. It was an honor to receive the True Blue award from FRC’s President Tony Perkins.
I think any fair-minded person would have to question Mr. Cohen’s checkered past. If anybody prosecutes any of the crimes that Mr. Cohen alleged, they won’t rely solely on Mr. Cohen’s testimony. To put it simply, I wouldn’t take Mr. Cohen’s check, I bet you wouldn’t either.
About to go live on @CNN with @jaketapper. Tune in!
RT @CNNSotu: EXCLUSIVE: This Sunday @SenJohnKennedy joins @jaketapper on #CNNSOTU. Tune in!
Praxair Inc. is planning to build a new hydrogen plant in Louisiana. I’m glad they chose to expand their company into Louisiana, bringing new jobs and economic opportunities to the state.
Madam C. J. Walker was a Louisiana entrepreneur, at the time of her death, she was the wealthiest African-American businesswoman. She worked as an activist for the rights of women black Americans. Her success was a stepping stone for other young people. #WomensHistoryMonth
Allen Stanford preyed on many Louisianans robbed them of their money through a Ponzi scheme. Ten years have passed Stanford is serving 110 years in prison, his victims are still waiting to be paid back. These are not wealthy people; they are just average Louisianans.
Going live on @BloombergTV. Tune in to watch!
Bureaucratic red tape isn’t an excuse for abandoning Louisiana families who've already waited 2 years for 2016 flood recovery money. @SecretaryCarson please fix this duplication of benefits issue ASAP. Louisiana can’t afford to wait any longer for @HUDgov to fix this simple issue
I’m always happy to bring some new vocabulary to the show @BrookeBCNN �
Last time I checked, the Constitution provided that we're supposed to advise consent; not to appease outside interest groups. I don’t appreciate organized efforts to bully threaten Senators like @SenHawleyPress, who are entitled to express an original thought in his position.
RT @MelindaDeslatte: . ⁦@SenJohnKennedy⁩ has sent the letter he promised to ⁦@CMSGov⁩ asking the federal agency to look into recouping mone…
The @LADeptHealth sent letters to 37,000 Medicaid recipients notifying them that they don’t qualify for the program.  I asked the @CMSGov to see what can be done to recover the money that’s been lost to waste
I'm not trying to play games here, but a lot of flood victims in Louisiana are waiting on @HUDgov . They need HUD to issue duplication of benefits guidelines so they can rebuild their homes and get on with their lives.
I had a great meeting with Tony Simmons, the CEO of the McIlhenny Company.  The McIlhenny Company is the producer of Tabasco sauce, a staple on every Louisiana table.
I ran into the Grammy Award-winning @LarryGatlin at the New Orleans airport, he honored me with this photo. He his younger brothers, Steve Rudy, wrote recorded such classics as “All the Gold in California,” “Broken Lady,” and “Houston (Means I’m One Day Closer to You).”
I don't understand how anyone can say "no" to saving a child’s life, but tonight I watched 44 of my Senate colleagues vote “no” to protect the lives of born-alive abortion survivors. I will continue fighting for the lives of the unborn the innocent babies who survive abortions
Infanticide is just wrong. Period. Infanticide should never be a partisan issue, but tonight some of my colleagues voted to allow born-alive babies to senselessly die. If a baby survives an abortion, they should be given a fighting chance to live.
Tonight the Senate failed to pass the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors-Protection Act.  Anyone who voted against this legislation voted against providing medical care to babies born alive after failed abortions.  Voting against this bill is simply heartless and immoral.
The Senate just voted on legislation to defend babies who survive abortions. I voted to condemn infanticide grant every baby who survives an abortion the same level of care any newborn would receive.
After months of negotiations, @FERC approved the authorization of the Venture Calcasieu Pass LNG export facility a pipeline in Cameron Parish. These projects will create 2,000 jobs a $4.25 billion investment in Louisiana’s economy. This is a big win!
The 6888th Central Postal Directory Battalion was the only an all-black, all-female battalion to serve overseas during WWII. They lived by the motto “No mail, no morale.” Annette Simmons was one of the many Louisiana women who served in the “Six Triple Eight.”  #BlackHistoryMonth
This is a huge win for Louisiana!
The funding package doesn’t give us the $5.7 billion we need, but it’s more than what Nancy Pelosi said we'd get. We got nearly $2 billion for a border barrier. In October, we’ll vote again on government funding, we’ll get the additional $3 billion we need for a barrier.
Our rivers and waterways are vital to our infrastructure and economy in Louisiana. I appreciated the chance to provide an update on our water resource projects and flood insurance at the Red River Valley Association Convention today in Bossier City.
I'm in Monroe today, where I had the honor of meeting World War II vet Johnny Willard. Johnny, you are an American hero. Thank you, sir, for your sacrifice and service.
The digital age has presented a new kind of threat—cyber threats. We need a workforce that's trained in cyber security. Thanks to the cyber corridor along Interstate 20, Louisiana can have a part in training a workforce equipped to fight cyber
Happy President’s Day! RT with the name of your favorite president.
Past presidents have used the National Emergencies Act 60 times. Anybody who knows an L.L. Bean catalog from a law book knows, ultimately, the U.S. Supreme Court will give us guidance on this.
Congratulations, Gladys and Wallace, on 80 years of marriage! Your love for each other is a beautiful
One of the best parts of my job is nominating bright, talented Louisiana students for our service academies. I am so proud of Annabel, Gabby and Michael for wanting to serve this great country. They’ve made us proud, and the Navy and Army are lucky to get them.
I’ll be on @WVLA with @Fox44fred at 6pm CST tonight. Be sure to tune in!
It’s great to be back in Louisiana. Today I met with the Police Jury Association, and we discussed their concerns about local issues they are facing. I appreciate them taking the time to meet with me.
CONFIRMED: Today I voted with my colleagues to confirm William Barr as the new U.S. Attorney General. William Barr understands the law, has integrity, has good judgment and understands he’s representing the American people.
I’m not against big. I’m against dumb. I’m against not properly regulating our financial markets.
Happy Valentine’s Day to my sweetheart!
I’m not going to support this deal unless I believe it’s in the best interest of border security and the taxpayers.
About to go live with @SandraSmithFox on @AmericaNewsroom. Be sure to tune in!
Way to geaux tigers!

Leader, liberator and martyr, President Lincoln fought to preserve the Union and eradicate slavery. He led us through a dark time in our history and gave his life for the country he loved so dearly.
The “Green New Deal” is nuttier than a pot of boiled peanuts. This resolution is chock-full of socialist strategies for invasive government intervention. It calls for outlandish initiatives that contradict many of our American capitalist values.
Part of NASA’s Space Launch System is being constructed in New Orleans! This heavy-lift launch vehicle will push us to a new chapter of space exploration.
Congratulations to Kate Walker, of Ruston, and Nikki Leali, of New Orleans, for being chosen as Louisiana’s top youth volunteers. Thank you for serving your communities and congratulations on your
Louis Armstrong was the king of jazz. He brought a new kind of music to Louisiana that was fluid and always changing.  If you visit New Orleans today, you can still hear his music echoing throughout the city. #BlackHistoryMonth
From the sugarcane cane fields in Louisiana to the cattle ranches in Texas, the @FarmBureau puts our farmers ranchers first. I’m pleased to cosponsor a resolution recognizing the farm bureau’s 100th year of steadfast commitment to American farmers ranchers.
While the Supreme Court’s decision is disappointing, I am confident that common sense will prevail and the law will eventually be upheld by the Supreme Court. This law simply protects women’s health.  Period. End of issue.

As a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I voted in favor of William Barr’s nomination for U.S. Attorney General. The full Senate will vote on his confirmation in the coming days.
My reaction to the #SOTU in three words. @rollcall
“A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation.” – Ronald Reagan
About to go live on @CNN with @jimsciutto to discuss #SOTU. Tune in!
These are true American heros. Taking care of our veterans should always be a policy priority. #SOTU
Thank you, @realDonaldTrump, for reaffirming what I believe: Life is precious. #SOTU
We need to protect all lives- including the unborn. Legislation banning late-term abortions is long overdue.  #SOTU
Costly health insurance and prescription drugs are a burden on American families. Thank you @realDonaldTrump for raising this issue at the #SOTU.
Rebuilding our infrastructure is something we can all agree on. Congress needs to work together to craft an infrastructure package that’s good for the whole country. #SOTU
Leaving miles and miles of our southern border unsecured, unmonitored and unprotected isn’t doing our country any favors.  We have to move forward, compromise and pass border security legislation ASAP. #SOTU
I’ll say it again. Legal immigration is good for America, but illegal immigration is not.  We need to improve our immigration system and secure our border. #SOTU
Unemployment is ️Job growth is ️  157 million people are working in America. #SOTU
I agree with @realDonaldTrump. Instead of gridlock and division, let’s choose greatness. #SOTU
RT @realDonaldTrump.  Let’s put aside partisanship and govern together.  We need to stop focusing on who’s blue and who’s red but instead get work done for the American people. #SOTU
I’m looking forward to hearing @realDonaldTrump address the nation tonight.  This is history in the making.  #SOTU
I am excited to have Justina accompany me to the State of Union as my guest. She works as a custodian in the Russell Senate building as part of Goodwill’s AbilityOne Program. I appreciate her hard work and her friendly smile. She deserves to enjoy this historic event.
There are two issues on which I think we can all work—infrastructure the cost of health insurance. Republicans Democrats have more in common on these issues than they don’t. I hope the @POTUS will spend time talking on these two issues tonight during the State of the Union.
I’m about to go on @CNN @NewDay with @PoppyHarlowCNN and @JohnBerman tune in!
About to go live on @marthamaccallum with @SenAmyKlobuchar. Tune in to watch!
Bet you’re wishing you’d partied with us in New Orleans yesterday, Roger Goodell. Without the Saints, the Super Bowl was the most boring game in
According to a recent report from the @USDOL, Louisiana has added more than 21,900 jobs since the Senate passed the Tax Cuts Jobs Act.  Nationwide we’ve added 2.6 million new jobs in the last year. Continued economic growth is evidence that our policies are working.
Calvin Moret belonged to a revered group of pilots called the Tuskegee airmen—African American WWII pilots. He fought for his country was repaid with hatred racism. He was awarded the Congressional Gold Medal for his bravery. He was an American hero. #BlackHistoryMonth
Eighteen months in prison for driving drunk and ending a bright, young life. This is what Gov. Edwards’ so-called criminal justice reform is doing for Louisiana. How is this justice?
I always did enjoy a good Zinger.
It is impossible to secure 1,900 miles of real estate without a barrier.  I don’t care what you call it.  Call it a wall, infrastructure or even a wangdoodle! No matter what you call it we have to have some kind of physical barrier to secure our border.
I’ll be on @CNN with @BrookeBCNN shortly. Tune in!
Some folks from the Central Louisiana Regional Chamber of Commerce came by my office this morning to share an update from back home. I appreciate them taking the time to meet with me.
Private data is the equivalent of our personal identities. Companies need to know that they’ll be held accountable when they violate the public’s trust compromise our private information. Our privacy protection bill will help hold these companies accountable.
I’ve had a busy morning on the Hill, but it’s always great to see some great Louisiana folks in Washington. This morning I met with the @C100LA, the Louisiana District Attorneys Association, the @LAChemAssoc and some bright students from the @mcgeheeschool.
Most of our immigrants in America believe in the rule of law. A lot of them are here because they left countries that didn’t have the rule of law. We have border laws we’re supposed to enforce them. @POTUS's only sin is that he’s enforcing the law for the first time in years.
I’m about to go on @AmericaNewsroom with @SandraSmithFox and @BillHemmer. Tune in!
William Barr is someone who has thought about the world politics. He understands the law, has integrity understands he’s representing the American people. My meeting with him today reinforced my belief that William Barr is eminently qualified to be the U.S. attorney general.
On this Holocaust Remembrance Day, #WeRemember the millions of Jewish victims and all of those who died during the Holocaust. We salute the WWII veterans who risked their lives fighting against Nazism and fighting to free those suffering under its grasp.
It was great to be back in America this week and visit with folks around the state. Thank you to the Rotary Clubs of Greater Ascension for hosting me.
My heart goes out to the five people who were senselessly killed today. This is a horrific tragedy impacting a close-knit Louisiana community. I hope authorities find the suspect as soon as possible, and he is prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
Congratulations, Coach Cook, on being the New Orleans Saints High School Coach of the Year a nominee for the Don Shula NFL High School Coach of the Year Award.  You’ve been a great coach to the Pioneers, I’ll be rooting for you to win coach of the
I’m joining @marthamaccallum on @FoxNews tonight. Tune in!
I'm on Fox 8 now:
Join me in congratulating Bains Elementary School teacher Stephanie Whetstone for winning an educator award from the Milken Family Foundation. Milken recognizes true rock stars among educators. We're lucky to have teachers like Stephanie in Louisiana. 
Today, I voted to end the gov shutdown. Unfortunately, my Democratic colleagues are unwilling to budge an inch on this issue. Partisan politics aren’t working. Both sides need to come to the table hash this out. We need to secure our border get federal workers their paychecks
The Marines, Army, Navy Air Force are funded. Our Coast Guard is not. We have 41,000 active duty service members in the @USCG. Today we tried passing legislation that would immediately pay our Coast Guards, but thanks to Sen. Schumer, the legislation failed.
I’m on the Senate floor fighting to pay the brave men and women of the @USCG.  No federal employees should be working without pay but especially our armed service members.
RT @SenateGOP: While Republicans work to re-open the government, Democrats continue to play politics instead of compromising.
I had a great time visiting with the folks in Ascension Parish. I’m encouraged by the great work that is happening in Ascension. Thanks for having me!
Nobody wants a shutdown, but most Americans including myself want border security. Speaker Pelosi is as hard-headed as the wall we’re trying to build. I think that she is allowing her hatred for the president to overshadow the need for compromise.
Thank you to the Central Louisiana Regional Chamber of Commerce for inviting me to give an update on Congress. I appreciated the chance to meet with the folks at the chamber and hear how they are working to support central Louisiana.
Louisiana wasted millions of taxpayer dollars on Medicaid. Here's what I'm doing about it.
Martin Luther King Jr. was a voice for the oppressed, a leader of a movement that would shape our history and a beacon of light during some of our darkest days. Today is set aside to remember this great man who sacrificed his life for a greater cause.
It’s game day in New Orleans. Let’s go Saints! #WhoDat

I’ll be joining @margbrennan on @FaceTheNation this morning. Tune in!
The U.S. is one of only seven nations in the world that allows abortion on demand at any point in pregnancy -- putting us in the company of North Korea and China. That is why thousands of Americans are marching this weekend to protect the lives of the unborn.  #MarchForLife
RT @FaceTheNation: SUNDAY: @SenJohnKennedy Our other guests:
There’s book learning and there’s hands-on learning. Both are extremely valuable for students. It’s great to see students in Baton Rouge learning valuable skills through an apprenticeship program with Capitol City Collision, a local
I’ll be discussing the news of the day with @ChrisCuomo tonight on @CNN. Tune in!
Today thousands of Americans are marching for life.  Abortion is not health care. Planned Parenthood does not deserve one penny of tax funding. Women and children deserve better. Taxpayers deserve better. #MarchForLife
Life is precious. To all those marching today, thank you for being a voice for the unborn children who can’t speak for themselves.
I’m about to go live on @OutnumberedOT with @HARRISFAULKNER. Tune in!
Illegal immigrants should not receive Medicaid benefits. This is nonsense on a stick. That's why I joined legislation to stop the abuse of federal taxpayer dollars for illegal immigrants’ health care
Four Americans were killed in Manbij, Syria, including two U.S. service members. My heart goes out to the families who have lost their loved ones. We cannot afford to lose ground in Syria, and we must stay vigilant until every remnant of ISIS is wiped off the face of the earth.
I think Mr. Mueller should write his report knowing that it’s going to be released to the American people, and then everybody can make up their own mind.
RT @jimsciutto: GOP @SenJohnKennedy on CNN just now says he believes full Mueller report should be released: “I believe Mr Mueller should w…
I questioned William Barr, the president’s nominee for attorney general, this afternoon in the Senate Judiciary hearing.
I had a great conversation with Liam this morning. I’m looking forward to getting to know his grandfather, William Barr, during the Attorney General hearing today.
About to go live on @Morning_Joe. Tune in!
Thank you @POTUS for taking the time to visit the great state of Louisiana.
Last year the @CBP arrested 17,000 adults at the southern border with existing criminal records, including 6,000 gang members. Building a barrier to keep these people out is a common-sense solution to keeping Americans safe.
Who Dat!!
It’s time for the playoffs. Let’s go all the way this year! Who Dat!
In 2018, border patrol agents saw a dramatic spike in illegal drugs crossing our border. Border patrol agents seized 1.7 million pounds of narcotics at our borders. If the Democrats care about ending the #opioid crisis, they should support border security. #SecureOurBorder
If you have a Louisiana driver’s license, you don’t need a Texas license to drive in Houston. This legislation applies the same common sense approach to concealed carry
Human trafficking is a heinous crime often committed against society’s most vulnerable people. In the Senate, I’ve cosponsored legislation to try and put an end to modern-day slavery. This is an on-going battle that each of us must work to end. #HumanTraffickingAwarenessDay
We need to fund the government, but first we need to fund a structure to seal our border. The President has indicated many times that he’s willing to negotiate the amount of money that’s involved, but it’s unrealistic to expect us to seal the border without using a barrier.
The community of Shreveport has lost one of its finest. As a guardian of her community, Officer Chateri Payne was dedicated to the people she served. Today Louisiana is mourning the loss of a hero. 
On this #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay, I want to thank the many men and women who work hard to keep our communities safe. I appreciate the work you do and pray you return home safe after every shift.
Here’s the problem. Speaker Pelosi hates President Trump more than she supports border security. Our southern border is 1,900 miles. No fair-minded person believes we will ever be able to secure that border without physical barriers in some form or fashion.
I'll be joining @Varneyco on @FoxBusiness soon. Tune in!
Five beautiful lives, full of potential gone before their time. It is heartbreaking, and there are simply no words. I wish I understood why bad things happen to good people. I can't imagine any greater suffering than a parent being asked to bury a child.
A recent finding showed the VA failed to spend millions of dollars designated for suicide prevention. I sent a letter to @SecWilkie asking him to take swift action to make sure our veterans have access to the treatment intervention resources they need.
The solution to the problem of mass murders isn’t to trample on the 2nd Amendment by restricting law-abiding citizens’ access to guns. We don’t need stricter gun laws. We need to more strictly enforce the laws that exist.
RT @SteveScalise: Hi @AOC. Happy to continue this debate on the Floor of the People’s House, but it’s clearly not productive to engage here…
You can only be young once, but you can always be immature. I don’t know Rep. Tlaib, but her comments were inappropriate. I prefer to think she was over caffeinated made a mistake. If I’m wrong she has this much hate in her heart, I feel sorry for her
This is heartbreaking. Please say a prayer today for the families who are hurting.
China threatening Taiwan with military force is reprehensible, counterproductive and just bad diplomacy. China’s provocative approach toward Taiwan risks the stability of the region and displays China’s disrespect of democracies in the world.
Veterans deserve our respect and support. My bill to help those with small businesses buy surplus federal property now is law. LEARN MORE:
Thanks to @realDonaldTrump for signing several of my bills into law today, including legislation that will bring corrupt lobbyists into the
Congrats to @TeamGleason on this honor. No one is more deserving of recognition than Steve Gleason. Thank you, Steve, for your tireless work raising awareness for ALS. You are an American hero.
Happy New Year’s Day!!! Looking forward to making 2019 a great year.
This is great news for Louisiana families! I have been urging the White House and FEMA to fix this.
Every senator should spend a week substitute teaching. They might learn a thing or two from the students. This bright group of students asked me some great questions and gave me some ideas to take back to Washington.
Last week my colleagues and I sent a letter to the SEC Chairman, FDIC Chairman SIPC President expressing our concerns about Robinhood, a financial services company. We want answers on whether Robinhood mislead its customers.
@Saints fans will always remember Steve Gleason’s seven spectacular seasons with the team. But it has been Steve’s work off the field that truly distinguishes him as a hero. No one is more deserving of a Congressional Gold Medal than
Merry Christmas from my family to yours! I hope everyone has a happy and blessed Christmas.
Santa Paws is coming to town!
Louisiana lost 11,000 people between July 2017 and July 2018.  Thank you, Gov. Edwards.  If we keep losing people, the average age in our state is going to be
Thinking of our troops this Christmas. May God bless you and keep you safe.
The Tax Cuts Jobs Act is one year old. In the last year, the U.S. economy has added 2.1 million jobs unemployment is down to 3.7 %, a 49-year low. Wages have increased 3.1%, families are keeping more of their paychecks businesses are growing. 
The House passed my 5 month extension of the National Flood Insurance Program! There will be no lapses in coverage.
PASSED: The House just passed my bill, the JACK Act. Named for lobbyist Jack Abramoff, who was convicted of tax fraud bribery, this bill requires lobbyists to disclose convictions of bribery, extortion, embezzlement, illegal kickbacks, tax evasion money laundering.
Thank you, @POTUS, for helping people realize the dignity of work. This is a positive step toward lifting people out of poverty. 
Border walls work. That’s a demonstrable fact. I think we missed an opportunity to get the funding for the wall. We passed the criminal justice reform bill last night, and I wish we would have tried to get something in return like the border wall.
RT @AmericaNewsroom: WATCH: @BillHemmer got reaction from @SenJohnKennedy after the release of a @nytimes report that @facebook gave tech g…
If you want to debate on the Senate floor our sentencing provisions and whether they are just, I will pounce on it like a ninja. I will be here all day and all night.  But I’m not going to pass the buck to the bureaucracy and trust them to do our job.
Happy Birthday, Kristen!  I’m a fan of your gift (and the quote). I might have to get one for myself.
Thanks to "criminal justice" reform in Louisiana, people are getting hurt killed. The Prince family will never be the same due to the recklessness of a drunk driver who killed their son. Their son's killer was released early from prison. How is that justice?
You’re never too old to do something new. This 83-year-old veteran just graduated with his doctorate in social work from LSU! Congratulations, Dr. Johnnie Jones, on completing your degree; your hard work has paid off.    
The CBO estimates that the #FirstStepAct will increase the federal deficit by 100s of millions of dollars. We shouldn’t fast-track this legislation. We need to take more time to review the ramifications.
Louisiana gave Dewayne Watkins a second chance. He repaid his community by killing two people.
RT @SenTomCotton: The Cotton-Kennedy amendment will exclude all sex offenders and violent felons fromthe time credits.
The Kennedy-@SenTomCotton amendment to the #FirstStepAct is supported by victims’ rights groups several law enforcement organizations that represent 100s of 1000s of law enforcement officers.  
Happy 382nd birthday to the @USNationalGuard. This fine group of men and women is always ready to jump into action at home and abroad. Thank you for being America’s first military responders.
I just received the criminal justice bill yesterday, and it’s 150 pages. I’m rather fond of being able to read a bill before I vote on it. We owe the American people our due diligence before we rush into a vote to release criminals.
RT @AmericaNewsroom: THE HEADLINER: @SenJohnKennedy joins @BillHemmer and @SandraSmithFox at 10:30 AM EST #nine2noon
RT @brynstole: With federal sentencing overhaul headed for Senate vote, @SenJohnKennedy puts out release “warning” his colleagues about “Go…
RT @SenBillCassidy: It’s time we uphold our responsibility to secure the border. It’s a national security priority, it’s a health priority,…
Legal immigration is great for America. Illegal immigration is not. Today I questioned Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection @CBP_McAleenan on common sense ways we should protect our borders and ways other countries are protecting their borders.
I questioned Jay Clayton, Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, on efforts to refund individuals who were cheated out of their money in the Stanford Ponzi scheme. Many Louisianans were tricked out of their savings, we’ve only recovered a fraction of what was lost.
I joined @JimInhofe , @SenTedCruz @SenatorRounds in introducing the Wall Act. This legislation will fully fund the President’s border wall close loopholes that allow illegal immigrants to improperly use federal benefits and entitlement programs. 
Most kids want toys for Christmas. Drake Quibodeaux of Vinton wants Christmas cards. In fact, he wants his mailbox flooded with cards. Will you join me in sending him Christmas greetings?
Charles Harris died 77 years ago today. He was one of the many soldiers who died at Pearl Harbor was buried as an unknown soldier. He was an American hero who sacrificed his life future for the country he loved.
Louisiana is receiving $41 million, including $25 million to widen I-12 in St. Tammany Parish. After the Memorial Day weekend fatalities, I started working with state local leaders to convince Secretary Chao that this funding was necessary to save lives.
RT @SenatorDurbin: Good news: the Senate just passed the Veterans Small Business Enhancement Act introduced by @SenDuckworth, @SenJohnKenne…
Talk is cheap. I know of no overt steps to interfere with Mr. Mueller or to impede his investigation nor should there be. It looks to me that Mr. Mueller is moving along in his investigation, and we’re going to know more soon. Let’s get this thing wrapped up.
People don’t really care how much you know until they know how much you care. President George H. W. Bush knew a lot, but he cared a lot too. America weeps both in joy for his life in sadness because his soul is in a better place but not with us.
America, and the world, weep.  God bless President George H. W. Bush and his family.
The White House Christmas décor has a touch of Louisiana this year thanks to Amy Hirata from Leesville. Amy, who is a military wife, was selected from a competitive field of applicants to design Christmas decorations for the White House. Good work, Amy!
It’s an honor to receive the Champion of Small Business Investing award. From grocery stores to tech companies, small businesses form the backbone of our economy. I’m grateful to be on the Small Business Entrepreneurship Committee where I can support small businesses.
We've lost a great man and a great leader. Thank you, President Bush, for bringing so much light to this world.
This week I’ve been working to convince my Senate colleagues that a lapse in NFIP would be a disservice to families across the country, especially for us in Louisiana. I’m glad that last night the Senate voted to pass my bill to extend NFIP for 6 months
RT @dailybriefing: .@SenJohnKennedy: “Congress needs to figure out a way to condemn, in the strongest possible terms what Saudi Arabia did,…
Yesterday I talked with this great group of students from Minden; it was the highlight of my day. I shared with them what my day is like as a senator important decisions facing Congress. I appreciate the teachers parents who traveled with their children and students.
Capt. Andrew Ross, Sgt. Eric Edmond and Sgt. Dylan Elchin, thank you for your service to your country; your sacrifice will not be forgotten. God bless the families of these three heroes.
Today I joined the folks at the @RedCross in writing Christmas cards to our troops. I’m grateful for our American heroes who are sacrificing their holidays and time spent with family in order to protect our country.
Approximately 350,000 Chinese students further their education in the U.S. every year. The number of Chinese students who don’t play by the rules, who are encouraged to steal our intellectual property by the Communist Party of China, would surprise
Today is Small Business Saturday!  It’s a day to celebrate support all of the unique small businesses in Louisiana throughout the U.S.  As a member of the #SmallBiz Entrepreneurship Committee, I value the impact that small businesses have on our economy communities
Wishing you all a happy and safe Thanksgiving spent with the ones you love.
RT @SenTomCotton: Proponents of the First Step Act have said that "nothing in the First Step Act gives inmates early release." But look at…
I strongly believe that you can learn much more from substitute teaching than you can from sitting in 100 hours of committee testimony. That’s why I've taken the time to substitute teach in a Louisiana classroom every year for the past decade.
RT @CBSThisMorning: In case you missed it: @JDickerson got an inside look at @SenJohnKennedy’s middle school civics class 
I had the opportunity to tour the Safe Haven Medical Facility with Parish President Pat Brister Louisiana State Sen. Jack Donahue. Safe Haven is a great example of good government doing good work. The facility will provide behavioral health services for the Mandeville area
My heart goes out to the tens of thousands of people who have been affected by these horrific wildfires in California. I also want to express my gratitude to the brave dedicated first responders who are working overtime to contain these fires.
