There is strong support for universal background checks for gun purchases we have a bill in the Senate right now to make it happen. It’s time for Congress to have the courage to act. My colleagues I have called on the Senate Judiciary Committee to hold a hearing on our bill.
Reminder that the GOP tax law of 2017 is overwhelmingly benefiting the top 1% at the expense of middle class working families. If we really want to help working families, lets put more money in their pockets. My LIFT Act would do just that. 
Detaining pregnant women in poor conditions doesn’t make our country safer—it’s cruel and immoral. Proud to join my colleagues in this bill to ensure that pregnant women at the border receive proper medical care.
It's time we took action to ensure that Venezuelans in the U.S. are not sent back to a country in crisis under Maduro. This week I reiterated my call for the administration to grant Temporary Protected Status to Venezuela. It's just the right thing to do.
When we lift up women, we lift up families, we lift up communities, we lift up economies we lift up entire countries. Women have made incredible achievements this past year but let's recognize this  #InternationalWomensDay that the fight for fairness equality continues.
I was extremely troubled by reports last year of inadequate housing conditions at Camp Pendleton. There's just no excuse for treating our service members their families this way. That's why @SenFeinstein I just introduced a bill to increase oversight of military housing.
Everyone should pay attention to what is happening to our courts because this will impact us for generations to come. This Administration is committed to transforming our courts with extreme nominees who will bring bias to the bench. I’ll do everything I can to stop them.
These efforts to push controversial ideological nominees will continue. Kenneth Lee was recently nominated to the Ninth Circuit has repeatedly lacked transparency about his record of controversial writings, including one where he defended racist jokes at Cornell University.
Eric Murphy was also confirmed for a lifetime appointment to the Sixth Circuit. As Ohio’s Solicitor General, Murphy filed a brief in opposition to marriage equality for LGBTQ Americans in the landmark 2015 case Obergefell v. Hodges.
Chad Readler was confirmed for a lifetime appointment to the Sixth Circuit. As Acting Assistant AG, Readler filed a brief for the Trump administration that refused to defend the ACA, a position that would eliminate protections for millions of Americans w/ pre-existing conditions.
A quick thread on what Republicans this administration are doing to reshape our courts. Just this week the Senate confirmed numerous controversial ideological nominees who have expressed views contrary to our foundational values of justice equality.
“I heard Dr. King say when you see something that is not fair, not right, not just – say something, do something. And that’s what I’ve been trying to do.” Don't miss this conversation with @RepUnderwood @repjohnlewis.
Kenneth Lee is nominated for a lifetime appointment to the Ninth Circuit but has repeatedly failed to disclose controversial writings in his record, including one titled “Ebonics at Cornell” defending racist offensive conduct at Cornell University. This should be disqualifying.
Students should be able to go to college without going deep into a financial hole, and it's time we took action to make college debt-free. Proud to join my colleagues yesterday to introduce a bill that would help students go to college without going into debt.
Shirley Chisholm became the first Black woman elected to Congress more than 50 years ago her legacy of fighting for the voiceless deserves to stand tall in Congress. Today I'm re-introducing a bill with @RepYvetteClarke to place a statue of Shirley in the U.S. Capitol. #WHM
RT @CountyofSonoma: Residents impacted by winter storms and floods can access recovery services and support in one place.Starting: Sunday…
The genius of the internet is that it levels the playing field for everyone, but in 2017 the FCC voted to take this away from the American people in favor of corporations that want to suppress competition. My colleagues I introduced a bill today to restore #NetNeutrality.
Good. Everyone in our country should be counted in the Census. The citizenship question risks underserving our communities. It never should have been included on the 2020 Census.
I informed Secretary Nielsen at least as far back as February 2018 that separating children from their parents would likely inflict significant trauma on children.  Her suggestion today that she was unaware of the likelihood of this trauma in Spring 2018 is extremely troubling.
As Acting Assistant AG, Readler filed the Trump administration’s brief in Texas v. U.S., which refused to defend the Affordable Care Act. This is a position that would eliminate protections for millions of Americans with preexisting conditions. That's why today I'm voting NO.
The Senate is about to consider Chad Readler’s nomination for a lifetime appointment to the Sixth Circuit. Everyone should be paying attention to this because of the very real threat Readler poses to healthcare access for millions of Americans. Here's why:
I asked CBP Commissioner McAleenan whether it's his duty to ensure immigrant children aren't sexually abused after they're transferred out of his agency. His response: I'm mandated by law to transfer these children, I don't have an ability to question that.This is outrageous.
Here's an uncomfortable truth: Black people face barriers to homeownership in part because of decades of discrimination by lenders we need to level the playing field. My colleagues I recently introduced a bill to hold banks accountable for discriminatory lending practices.
Our criminal justice system is broken. From a money bail system that disproportionately harms the poor people of color, to the reality that Black brown Americans are incarcerated at higher rates. We must recognize these injustices fight for a fairer system. #DayofEmpathy
Today the Senate voted to advance the nomination of Chad Readler to the Sixth Circuit. Readler defended some of the Trump administration's most abhorrent policies is missing the support of a home-state senator. I voted NO urge all of my colleagues to reject his nomination.
Californians: If you are in a burn area impacted by storms, please stay safe and heed evacuation orders from local officials.
Wishing a very happy birthday to my dear friend Speaker @Rendon63rd!
Communities in California across the country are still hurting from recent natural disasters we must provide them with the support they need. My colleagues I recently called on leaders in Congress to immediately address funding for these communities in need of relief.
I support California’s decision to fight back against the administration’s outrageous dangerous attack on access to reproductive health care. Doctors should never be silenced these attempts to play politics with public health must stop.
Proud of Oakland teachers for this important win. As a country, we must do more to improve conditions for our teachers that's why I recently joined my colleagues on a bill to take the critical step of investing more in public schools for smaller class sizes.
Black women are 3-4x more likely to die from pregnancy-related causes. My Maternal CARE Act would provide grants for implicit bias training incentivize health care providers to deliver integrated care to reduce maternal mortality racial disparities.
It appears we have enough votes in the Senate to block the president’s national emergency declaration. The American people shouldn’t have to pay for the president’s vanity project of a border wall.  We do not need it.
Earlier today the Senate Judiciary Committee advanced the nomination of Neomi Rao to the D.C. Circuit. Rao has never served as a judge previously blamed survivors of sexual assault for the trauma they experienced. I voted NO urge my colleagues to reject her nomination.
Proud to reintroduce the Do No Harm Act today with @RepJoeKennedy @BobbyScott, which will ensure more comprehensive protections against discrimination on the basis of race, gender, sexual orientation, and gender identity.
We need a strong EPA that will defend the right of every American to drink clean water breathe clean air. That's why I'm on my way to vote NO on Andrew Wheeler's nomination to lead the EPA. We cannot allow a former coal lobbyist climate change skeptic to head this agency.
Student loans make up the highest percentage of debt for Millennials. This is absurd. Students in our country deserve to attend college without having to graduate with crippling debt.
Katherine Johnson. Dorothy Vaughan. Mary Jackson. Dr. Christine Darden. These 4 women were barrier breakers made immeasurable contributions to NASA our nation. My colleagues I just reintroduced a bill to honor these 'hidden figures' with a Congressional Gold Medal. #BHM
Always a great time when I get to visit my alma mater and hang out with students at @HowardU. #HUyouknow
I voted NO today on Eric Miller’s nomination to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals will vote no on every nominee to an appellate court until we have a fair process in place. Home-state senators must be allowed to do their due diligence consent to nominees.
I applaud my House colleagues for voting to overturn the president’s efforts to declare a fake emergency circumvent Congress to jam through his border wall. I urge my Senate colleagues to pass this measure to make it clear that the American people will not pay for this wall.
Californians: please heed all evacuation orders if you’re in the Russian River area.
The right to vote is fundamental, and we must expand access to the ballot so that our elections better reflect the will of the people. Proud to stand with my colleagues today to reintroduce the Voter Empowerment Act to protect voting rights and ensure equal access to the ballot.
Today I re-introduced the REUNITE Act, a bill that would:-ensure that immigrant families who can be safely reunited are immediately brought back together,-improve systems for family reunifications,-and provide humane alternatives to detention. It's just the right thing to do.
RT @sonomasheriff: Evacuation warning for Russian River
I voted NO on this bill. Every woman has a fundamental right to access comprehensive reproductive health care and I remain committed to fighting for that.
Shocked deeply saddened last night to learn of the passing of my dear friend, San Francisco public defender Jeff Adachi. My heart goes out to his loved ones and the people of San Francisco, whose hearts are heavy today.
It’s no surprise that big banks are reaping billions from Republicans’ tax giveaway. Americans deserve better what middle-class families actually need is a real, permanent tax cut. My LIFT Act would give these families a tax credit of up to $500/mo.
To all the Oakland teachers continuing to strike today: stay strong and know that you are not alone. With you in solidarity.
This is outrageous will force immigrant women who are doctors, nurses, scientists academics, among others, to abandon their professional careers. I called on DHS last year to withdraw this proposal will continue to fight this. 
In yet another attack on women’s right to access reproductive health care, this administration just banned Title X health care providers from referring patients for abortion services. This is both outrageous and dangerous. We will fight back.
As Attorney General of California I worked with law enforcement to combat transnational criminal organizations that trafficked human beings. It's wrong that the administration has cut down this critical work in pursuit of arresting immigrants who pose no public safety threat.
The administration’s decision to walk away from negotiations with California on clean car standards is irresponsible follows a troubling pattern of targeting our state for political purposes. Everyone has the right to breathe clean air I will continue to fight for that right.
Proud to announce Josh Hsu as my new Deputy Chief of Staff in the Senate. He’s been a brilliant member of my team through some of our toughest moments in the Senate I look forward to continuing our work together fighting on behalf of Californians.
Californians: If your family's annual income is under $24,950, you may be eligible for the California Earned Income Tax Credit. Visit for more information.
The maternal mortality rate in our country is worse than it was 25 years ago, with Black women 3 to 4 times more likely to die from pregnancy-related complications than white women. Grateful to @DrLeanaWen for highlighting this public health crisis.
This is absurd. We know that climate change is real and poses an existential threat to our planet. Our government must focus on solutions, not elevate climate deniers.
This video of Yosemite National Park is just breathtaking.
Teachers in my hometown of Oakland will begin striking tomorrow because they know they deserve a raise. It's shameful that they don’t earn enough to live in the communities where they teach. I firmly support the teachers hope for a quick resolution.
77 years ago FDR signed Executive Order 9066 to intern thousands of people of Japanese ancestry living in the US, including American citizens. These mistakes cannot be repeated, and we must remember to reject racism xenophobia in our communities and politics. #DayOfRemembrance
Proud of my home state for leading in this lawsuit. The American people shouldn't have to pay for the president's vanity project of a border wall. This is a crisis of his own making and we must fight back.
Everyone has a fundamental right to drink clean water. The EPA's decision to delay setting standards for PFAS, toxic chemicals in drinking water that can have devastating impacts on human health, is completely unacceptable.
Animal fighting is wrong, and when our government saves animals that have been victims of cruelty and abuse, we must do everything we can to ensure their welfare. Proud to reintroduce a bill today to streamline the process of getting these animals the care they need.
The real crisis we face is a crisis of leadership in the White House. The president’s decision to declare a national emergency to fund his vanity project of a border wall is ridiculous and the American people shouldn’t have to pay for it. We do not need it.
RT @SanDiegoCounty: We've got a lot of road closures in the County due to the rains. Make sure you're following @sdcountydpw for all the…
No one should ever be denied access to education because they can’t afford it. I applaud @cerritoscollege for taking a major step forward in this fight.
Black women are leading all across our country and it’s important that their experiences are seen heard. Take some time to read some of their incredible stories here in honor of #BlackHistoryMonth.
We’re now one step closer to passing my anti-lynching bill bringing justice to victims and their families. As Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. once said, "The time is always right to do what is right."
My colleagues I have introduced two bills to prohibit the president from diverting military construction and disaster relief funds to his vanity project of a border wall. It's clear now that he is willing to go around Congress to do this. We must pass these bills immediately.
RT @NWSSacramento: 9:15am - A Flash Flood Warning has been issued for portions of El Dorado, Calaveras, Amador Counties until 12:15pm. A…
We need an Attorney General who will improve our deeply flawed criminal justice system, protect independent investigations from political attacks treat all Americans equally under the law. That’s why I just voted NO on William Barr’s nomination to be Attorney General.
WATCH: This is the moment the Senate unanimously passed the Justice for Victims of Lynching Act. I'm so proud we were able to get this done. Grateful to @SenBooker @SenatorTimScott for their partnership in this and looking forward to getting this bill finally signed into law.
Senator Harris and @SenBooker are on the Senate floor right now requesting to unanimously pass federal anti-lynching legislation. Watch live here.
I’m headed to the Senate floor right now to request my colleagues unanimously pass my anti-lynching bill. It’s absurd that Congress has tried and failed to do this dozens of times for the better part of a century. Let’s get it done.
Lynching is a murder. It’s torture. But after a century of trying, it’s still not a federal crime. It’s time to fix that - that's why this morning @SenBooker and I are going to ask our Senate colleagues to unanimously approve my anti-lynching bill.
It's been one year since these 17 lives were tragically lost at Stoneman Douglas High School one year since brave survivors of this day began challenging us to rise up say never again. We must listen to them. Today, I'm recommitting myself to fighting for gun safety reform.
Cara Loughran. Joaquin Oliver. Helena Ramsay. Martin Duque Anguiano. Alaina Petty. Peter Wang. Alexander Schachter. Gina Montalto. Carmen Schentrup. Nicholas Dworet. Aaron Feis. Jaime Guttenberg. Alyssa Alhadeff. Scott Beigel. Meadow Pollack. Christopher Hixon. Luke Hoyer.
RT @CountyofLA: Heavy #LArain could bring flooding mud/debris flows to #WoolseyFire burn area today. Does your property have limited acce…
RT @CAL_FIRE: With heavy rains expected across California, we want to take the time to remind you to stay aware of your surroundings and ex…
RT @NWSBayArea: A Coastal Flood Advisory has been issued for parts of the coastline and Bay shoreline from 4 to 8 AM Thursday. Strong south…
Heavy rains are beginning to hit across California today. Please stay safe out there and sign up for emergency alerts at and visit to stay updated on weather conditions.
It's absurd that so Americans today are struggling to keep up with the rising cost of living. One thing we can do to address this is expand Social Security so that seniors other beneficiaries can live with greater peace of mind. I've co-sponsored a bill today to do just that.
As a @HowardU student I was proud to walk the same halls as some of my heroes like Thurgood Marshall I want to ensure others have that chance too. Grateful that the Senate passed my bill yesterday to reauthorize a program that would protect historic buildings sites at HBCUs.
Gun violence is a national epidemic we must take action to protect Americans prevent more heartbreaking tragedies. I'm proud that this week my colleagues I took a critical step by introducing a bill to ban high-capacity magazines that are designed to make guns more deadly.
Important: the comment period for Secretary DeVos’s proposed Title IX changes will open again for an additional day this Friday, February 15. These changes would place a cruel burden on survivors of sexual assault. Don't miss this last chance to make your voice heard.
Detainees at immigrant detention facilities in several states, including California, are participating in hunger strikes because of inadequate inhumane treatment. DHS must investigate the conditions of these facilities. 
Californians: The deadline to register for individual assistance with @fema is only 3 days away. If you are a survivor of the wildfires in Butte, Los Angeles, Ventura Counties, call (800) 621-3362 or visit to register by Feb 15.
This administration is preventing DACA recipients from traveling abroad, including when family members are sick or dying for opportunities to study or work. Today my colleagues I have urged DHS and USCIS to explain and reconsider this cruel unnecessary policy.
NEWS: The Senate has just passed my bill to reauthorize a program to protect preserve historic HBCU buildings and sites across the country. I'm thrilled we were able to advance this hopeful we can get it signed into law so that HBCUs can get the vital improvements they need.
Today, the Senate is voting to advance the nomination of William Barr to be the next Attorney General. It's clear Barr won’t defend independent investigations from attacks or ensure equal protection under law for all Americans. I will vote NO urge my colleagues to do the same.
I’m troubled by these misleading comments made by ICE Deputy Director Albence. The reality is that this administration has dramatically increased immigrant detentions is over-detaining immigrants who pose no public safety threat. This is absurd.
The Violence Against Women Act is once again at risk of expiring on Friday. It’s absurd that survivors of domestic violence sexual assault are left wondering whether the government will fund the programs they need. We need a strong, long-term reauthorization, full stop.
The past four years have been the warmest on record. There's simply no denying the reality of climate change and the existential threat it poses to our planet. That's why last week my colleagues I introduced a Green New Deal resolution.
Black women have been making their mark in the sciences for decades. To all young Black women aspiring in STEM today: know that you're not alone you stand on the shoulders of these inspiring women. Take a moment to learn about them today. #WomenInScience
We must ensure our beautiful public lands in California across the country belong to the people for generations to come. That's why my colleagues I recently introduced a bill to push back on efforts to roll back protections for our national monuments.
Governor Newsom's decision to remove California's National Guard troops from the border is smart government and the right thing to do. We cannot support this administration's misuse of our military resources and attempts to militarize our border without justification.
RT @UFWupdates: California farm workers won overtime protections in 2016, now it’s time to ensure #farmworkers all over the nation also ear…
ICYMI – I wrote an op-ed this week on someone very dear to me who was like a second mother, Mrs. Shelton. I wouldn’t be the person I am today without her.
Yesterday Republicans advanced 44 of Trump's nominees to lifetime federal court seats - nominees who have expressed views that are contrary to many of our foundational values of justice and equality. We all need to pay attention to what this Administration is doing to our courts.
The reality is that climate change is an existential threat to our planet and we need bold change to combat it. Yesterday I was proud to join my colleagues to introduce a Green New Deal resolution.
It's so important that sexual assault survivors have access to comprehensive responsive health care services. That's why my colleagues I recently introduced a bill to expand access to care for survivors gather data on how to improve the care they receive.
We must take action in response to the tragic deaths of two young children in CBP custody last year. I introduced a bill today to provide Border Patrol agents with medical training to treat the injuries of those they encounter along the border.
This is extremely troubling. Consumers have a fundamental right to the privacy of their data. That’s why I recently called for the FCC and FTC to investigate how these wireless companies are using location data.
The Trump administration should not force foreign NGOs to choose between receiving our aid or providing comprehensive reproductive health care to women across the world. Today my colleagues I introduced a bill to permanently repeal the harmful Global Gag Rule.
The Green New Deal resolution we introduced today is a critical step toward tackling the climate change crisis. I look forward to working with my colleagues on policies to protect our environment, create jobs for a clean economy build a sustainable and equitable future.
“The pain of losing a child to gun violence never ends. And it’s that pain that drives me to do this work to prevent gun violence.” @RepLucyMcBath lost her son to gun violence in 2012 and is now in Congress advocating for common sense gun safety policies. We must listen to her.
Earlier today at a Judiciary Committee meeting a number of my colleagues I spoke out against the Administration’s continued efforts to ram through extreme judicial nominees for lifetime appointments to the bench. This is simply absurd.
We must urgently address the climate change crisis before it’s too late. I am proud to be an original co-sponsor of a bold Green New Deal resolution.
Many farm workers often work over 12 hours a day in the hot sun. It's outrageous they don't receive overtime pay for the work they do. I've re-introduced a bill today to grant farm workers overtime protections eliminate most minimum wage exemptions they face.
RT @SFPD: Motorists should continue to avoid  Geary Blvd. between Spruce Stanyon to enable fire cleanup. Residents and workers should con…
Right now drug companies can abuse our patent system by jacking up prices on drugs when there are no affordable alternatives for patients to turn to. This is unconscionable needs to stop. My colleagues and I introduce legislation today that would prevent this from happening.
Please heed evacuation orders and follow @SFFDPIO for safety info. Grateful for the first responders on the scene. Stay safe out there.
So proud of my dear friend @staceyabrams for speaking truth to power last night about the real issues facing Americans across the country the challenges to our democracy today. Don’t miss it if you haven't seen it.
Honored to mark #BlackHistoryMonth today by joining this panel with current former Black U.S. Senators in front of HBCU representatives from across the country. We've come a long way from a gathering like this being completely unimaginable in America. 
Andrew Wheeler is a climate change skeptic and former coal lobbyist who is now one step closer to becoming the head of the Environmental Protection Agency. This is absurd. I firmly oppose his nomination and urge my colleagues to do the same.
Aretha Franklin's songs were the soundtrack of my childhood. I can still remember standing in the living room dancing to Rock Steady over and over again. She was simply a legend, and I'm proud today to re-introduce a bill that would honor her with a Congressional Gold Medal.
No matter what we hear tonight, remember this: The strength of our union has never been found in the walls we build. It’s in our diversity and our unity – and that is our power.
Headed over to give my thoughts ahead of the president’s State of the Union Address. As leaders, we must commit ourselves to speaking truth fighting for an America that works for everyone. Tune in here to watch live momentarily --&gt; 
So great to visit with Trisha, my guest tonight for the State of the Union!
This is absurd. Special Counsel Bob Mueller must be allowed to complete his investigation without interference and his report must be made public.
Here's the bottom line: survivors of sexual assault should not be blamed for the trauma they've experienced. Neomi Rao's prior writings about sexual assault are completely unacceptable and her responses to my questions today were deeply troubling.
My guest tonight for the State of the Union is Trisha Pesiri-Dybvik, who was furloughed during the government shutdown while still recovering from losing her family’s home in a California wildfire. She is the definition of resilience and I'm proud to have her here with me.
NEWS: I'm delivering remarks tonight on Facebook Live ahead of the President’s State of the Union Address. It's critical we speak truth to the American people during this inflection moment in our country's history. Tune in at approximately 7:45PM ET --&gt;
The spirit of the census is that everyone is counted - including rural communities. California Complete Count will hold a webinar on February 21 on efforts to reach rural communities through the first ever “digital census.” Be sure to register attend.
On Rosa Parks’ birthday, I’m honoring her legacy by recommitting myself to fight for justice equality. The courage she embodied during the Civil Rights movement continues to give me the strength to be the joyful warrior I am today. How are you remembering Rosa Parks?
It’s unacceptable that the President is considering going around Congress to fund his ridiculous border wall by raiding funds meant to protect communities from natural disasters. I’m proud to introduce a bill today to make sure that doesn’t happen.
Mrs. Shelton was a second mother to me and I don’t know where I’d be without her. I’m thinking about her this #BlackHistoryMonth and the countless Black women just like her who continue to build and shape our communities.
David Bernhardt's nomination to lead the Interior Department is an affront to the Department's mission of protecting our natural resources. We're talking about a fossil fuel lobbyist with a history of fighting against environmental protections. Americans deserve better.
Millions of Californians enjoy boating, fishing, hunting viewing wildlife in the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta we must preserve that opportunity for generations to come. Today @SenFeinstein @RepGaramendi I introduced a bill to establish the Delta as a National Heritage Area.
This is horrifying should never happen in America. “…I saw a young man on the floor, holding a bright red inhaler, and he was saying through tears that he doesn’t know if he’s going to wake up tomorrow…This man is pre-trial…” 
This is a human rights abuse committed by the United States government. We need to hold this Administration accountable for its completely inhumane treatment of these children and their families. I'll say it again: Secretary Nielsen must resign.
Our military must not be used for political purposes, and this Administration has given us no reason to believe that this is anything but a grave misuse of our military resources. We need answers.
My heart goes out to the family of Jeff Dye, a Ventura County Sheriff’s search and rescue team member who tragically lost his life today while attempting to help others in need. Grateful for the first responders on the scene keeping those injured in my thoughts.
Californians, please stay safe in the #LARain. You can stay up to date on the latest weather conditions at and sign up for emergency notifications at ---&gt;
RT @NWSLosAngeles: Significant rain will impact the area Fri night-Sat night! Expected rainfall totals 1-3in over the coast valleys and u…
Bringing this playlist back in honor of #BlackHistoryMonth. This was one of my favorite projects I got to work on with my late press secretary Tyrone Gayle.
Title IX protections for student survivors of sexual assault are under attack. This week my colleagues I called on Secretary DeVos to rescind her proposal to weaken these protections. This simply would not make our students safer at a time when they should be seen heard.
This is a troubling retreat from an international arms treaty that has made America safer for over 30 years. My colleagues I have introduced a bill to require the Administration be transparent on this before it rushes into a new arms race with Russia.
This #BlackHistoryMonth I’m thinking about great leaders like Martin Luther King, Jr. Rosa Parks but also the countless unsung Black men women who've shaped our country's history. They've given me reason to believe, “Yes, I’m Black. I’m proud of it. I’m Black and beautiful.”
I’m thrilled to announce Trisha Pesiri-Dybvik as my guest to this year’s State of the Union. Trisha her husband both went without a paycheck during the shutdown while rebuilding their home after losing it in a wildfire. America needs to hear their story.
Jackie Robinson may have been born in Georgia but his life historic career in California make him one of our state's most legendary figures. Jackie made it possible for the countless Black baseball players who came after him. Today would have been his 100th birthday.
UPDATE: FEMA has extended the deadline to register for individual financial assistance! If you are a survivor of the wildfires in Butte, Los Angeles, and Ventura Counties please call (800) 621-3362 or visit to register by February 15.
This Administration is packing the court that protected Dreamers from deportation and blocked the unconstitutional transgender military ban. We need nominees who will uphold equality and justice. Until a fair process is in place, I will oppose every nominee to an appellate court.
This is heartbreaking. As we continue to see the consequences of the government shutdown, one thing remains clear: all of this was completely avoidable.
Despite what this Administration says, children are still being ripped away from their parents. In this case, I’m so grateful for the advocacy of @ConMijente proud of my case work team who fought hard to reunite this 1-year-old with her mother at SFO last night.
As a student at @HowardU I was proud to walk the same halls as some of my heroes like Thurgood Marshall. But right now many of the historic sites buildings at HBCUs are deteriorating we need to act. Today I re-introduced a bill to improve HBCU campuses across the county.
I've said this many times will say it again: everyone has a fundamental right to drink clean water. The Administration should take steps to protect Americans from these chemicals that are already impacting the water supplies of millions of Americans.
The spirit of the Census is that no one should go uncounted, but this Administration has deliberately proposed changes to intimidate immigrants and keep them from participating. That's why my colleagues I re-introduced a bill to ensure the Census is conducted in a fair manner.
I asked DNI Coats this same question almost one year ago: is there a written strategy for the intelligence community on how to confront the threat from foreign influence campaigns on social media? I still have not received a sufficient answer.
Californians: There are only three days left to register for FEMA individual financial assistance if you are a survivor of the wildfires in Butte, Los Angeles and Ventura counties. Call (800) 621-3362 or visit to register with FEMA by January 31.
To clarify, although the website notes January 28 as the deadline to comment, the Department of Education will accept comments through January 30. Speak out now before it’s too late.
REMINDER: Tomorrow is the last day to comment on the Administration’s proposed changes to Title IX. These changes would pose a cruel burden on survivors of sexual assault who have a right to feel safe be heard. Make sure to speak out --&gt;
Let's be clear: women's reproductive healthcare is standard healthcare, and having access to routine screenings is so critical to preventing cervical cancer as well as other serious illnesses. Thank you @DrLeanaWen for sharing this powerful story.
We still need long-term reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act. We cannot allow for survivors of domestic violence sexual assault to be withheld the aid and services they need. This is non-negotiable.
“To be young, gifted, and black...” Congrats to the cast of Black Panther, this was a well-deserved win. #WakandaForever  
RT @ChrisVanHollen: Now that the longest government shutdown in history is finally over, the Trump Administration needs to provide back pay…
No parent in this country should be afraid to seek out critical medical care for their child, period.
The shutdown was not only completely avoidable but also downright irresponsible, and these numbers confirm that. The President cannot continue to place politics over the lives of hardworking Americans.
No one should be fired because of who they love, period.
It is a disgrace that hundreds of thousands of American workers and their families had to suffer because of this senseless shutdown.
Americans have a fundamental right to expect their location data is protected, but wireless companies have repeatedly shown disregard for this. Yesterday my colleagues I demanded the FCC FTC investigate how these companies are using location data.
Enough is enough. The government needs to be re-opened. Today.
This morning’s news is yet another sign that Special Counsel Mueller must be allowed to complete his investigation free of interference - and his report must be made public.
These are real $0 paycheck stubs from federal workers in California who won’t get paid tomorrow because of this shutdown. Everything from mortgages student loans to putting food on the table is on the line for them.
Tomorrow, federal workers will not receive a paycheck for the second time. I've heard the stories of folks who are standing in food lines and working around the clock without being paid. This is the height of irresponsibility. They don't want a wall. They want a paycheck.
You can still comment on the Administration’s proposed changes to Title IX through January 30. Survivors of sexual assault have a right to feel safe and to be seen heard. It’s critical that we all make our voices heard.
I am voting YES on a clean bill to end this shutdown and put 800,000 federal employees back to work. Republicans unanimously supported this plan in December—but now they’re playing politics with people’s lives.Enough. Let’s re-open the government today.
It's been 34 days since the government shut down. The Senate will vote on a clean bill today to fund the government that we unanimously approved one month ago. Let’s get this done. 800,000 federal workers are counting on us.
There are FBI employees currently furloughed. There are DHS employees working unpaid stretching their hours. It's the height of hypocrisy to suggest that a border wall is about securing our nation. If you want our nation secure, you’d pay the folks whose job it is to do that.
Everyone has a fundamental right to breathe clean air but right now more than 4 in 10 Americans live in places where air pollution is a serious health concern. That’s why we must continue to fight for cleaner air stronger protections under the Clean Air Act. #HealthyAirForAll
This is a disgrace, and these survivors deserve better.
It’s been 46 years since the landmark Roe v. Wade ruling one thing remains clear: we must continue to fight. A woman’s right to make her own decisions about her body and her future is at stake.
Welcome news out of New York. The abhorrent practice of conversion therapy needs to be banned nationwide.
Let me be very clear: the hundreds of thousands of federal government workers who aren’t getting their paychecks are not bargaining chips. The President must end this senseless shutdown immediately and reopen the government.
This harms the trans Americans who currently selflessly serve our country and our national security. We must continue to fight this discriminatory ban.
I often look to the words of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. for inspiration. These words ring especially true today: “The time is always right to do what is right.” Let’s recommit to fighting for the very best of who we are remember to be joyful warriors along the way. #MLKDay
The Congressional Black Caucus now has the most members in its history, thanks in part to these amazing newly-elected women. Make sure to give a follow to @RepLucyMcBath @RepJahanaHayes @Ilhan @RepUnderwood and @RepPressley! #FollowFriday
Proud to stand with hard working @seiu521 Fresno Superior Court employees as they ask for a fair contract that values the dignity of their work and contribution to the community.
The maternal mortality rate in our country is worse than it was 25 years ago. That is outrageous I will reintroduce legislation this Congress to address this public health crisis.
Yesterday I was proud to join with @RepJayapal and @aijenpoo to discuss the Domestic Workers Bill of Rights, which we will introduce to guarantee domestic workers the dignity, benefits, and legal protections they deserve.
The President must end this shutdown now. In the meantime, we must ensure Americans going without their paychecks can pay their bills provide for their families. I’ve cosponsored a bill so that they can receive unemployment benefits until this political stunt by the WH is over.
This is confirming what we already knew: the President’s tax scam is a gift to corporations. The American people deserve better than this. That’s why I’ve introduced a real tax cut for middle class families.
This week @SenFeinstein I reintroduced a bill to establish a national memorial to honor the 431 Californians whose lives were lost in the 1928 St. Francis Dam disaster. This monument will serve as a reminder of the profound consequences of a failure of infrastructure.
Reminder that it’s been 27 days since the Violence Against Women Act expired. It’s shameful to cut off funding for programs that provide critical support to survivors of domestic violence sexual assault. We must re-authorize it immediately.
Trisha her family’s home was destroyed last month in a devastating wildfire. Now she her husband, both air traffic controllers, aren’t being paid because of the government shutdown. They have 3 young children. The Senate must vote immediately to end this shutdown.
Climate change is here and its effects are already being felt across the world. Our oceans have absorbed over 90% of the excess heat from our carbon pollution, fueling stronger hurricanes and rising seas. We must do more to confront this reality.
RT @nowthisnews: Trump’s AG nominee William Barr tried to spout the administration’s favorite border wall lie — but Kamala Harris brought t…
A federal oversight agency has just confirmed that the total number of children who were separated from their parents by this Administration remains unknown. Secretary Nielsen must be held accountable for this cruel negligence. I'll say it again: she must resign immediately.
After his hearing, it is clear William Barr won’t defend independent investigations from attacks and ensure equal protection under the law for all Americans. I will vote NO on his confirmation.
Always great to spend time with my fellow AKA’s @laurenunderwood @JacksonLeeTX18 @repadams @repterrisewell @RepEBJ and Glenda Glover.
The real obstacle to ending this shutdown is sitting in the White House. The Senate needs to vote on legislation to end the shutdown immediately, and the President must stop holding the American people hostage.
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should struggle to pay the bills or support their families. That’s why I’m standing with my colleagues @SenSanders and @PattyMurray to re-introduce a bill to raise the minimum wage to $15 by 2024. Let’s give the American people a real raise.
The 116th Congress is more diverse than ever before. I’m proud to stand by these 131 women as we continue to shape this institution to reflect the people we represent.
I remain firmly against Andrew Wheeler’s nomination. We should not put a coal lobbyist in command at the Environmental Protection Agency. That is absurd.
800,000 American workers are missing thousands of dollars in pay all because the President is determined to hold them hostage over his vanity project. The President needs to end this now.
I’m headed to the Senate Floor to talk about why the President needs to end this shutdown today. Watch live.
RT @CoveredCA: Consumers who started a #CoveredCA application before midnight will have through Friday, Jan. 18 to finish the process with…
RT @VCFD: SHELTERS: @RedCrossVentura is working to open local evac shelters for #VenturaCounty- Ventura College, 4667 Telegraph Rd in Ven…
RT @VENTURASHERIFF: Mandatory evacuation notices (effective immediately) have been sent to the following areas of Ventura County: Bell Cany…
TODAY is the last day to sign up for a health insurance plan in California for 2019. #GetCovered now at before it’s too late.
“Let us realize the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice.” - Martin Luther King, Jr. #MLKDay
