On #InternationalWomensDay, we celebrate the trailblazing women who came before us and those who are forging new trails today. The work continues – we must not rest until there are no more barriers left to break.
Across Ohio and in Washington today, our team is wearing blue to stand in solidarity with the Lordstown GM workers and the entire Lordstown community. We will continue to fight by their side to save this plant and their jobs. #SaveLordstown
Republicans continue to put their thumbs on the scale of justice by nominating far-right, inexperienced judges who’ll put special interests ahead of the people of this country—like Eric Murphy Chad Readler. Judges who'll try to dismantle our rights.We must always fight back.
On Bloody Sunday, 54 years ago today, Americans’ blood was spilt and their bones were broken fighting for the right to vote. We cannot let their sacrifices be in vain by confirming Eric Murphy, who fought to restrict the right to vote. The Senate must vote no.
Our new bill, the #DebtFreeCollege Act, is an important step toward increasing college access and affordability for students who want to pursue higher education.
That’s why I’m reintroducing the American Cars, American Jobs Act today. It will help make it more affordable for Americans to buy American-made cars trucks, and revoke the tax cut in the President’s tax law that rewards companies sending jobs overseas.
We need to overhaul our trade and tax policy, and end this corporate business model where companies like GM close American plants, collect a tax break to move overseas, only to sell those cars back into the U.S. Until we do, communities like Lordstown will pay the price.
All across the country, families are working harder than ever but have less and less to show for it. Our bill would help put more money back in the pockets of working families and set children up for future success.
We speak with one voice, as proud Ohioans: racism, bigotry, and hate are not welcome in our great state. We will not tolerate threats or violence against our neighbors, and we stand with the Al-Rahman Mosque community.
We can’t afford another judge who has made it his mission to take away Americans’ health care. Chad Readler’s work threatens the health coverage of 20 million Americans with preexisting conditions. The Senate must reject his nomination.
Sixth Circuit nominee Chad Readler wrote an oped saying we should allow the execution of 16 year old kids. At a time when we’re taking important, bipartisan steps forward on sentencing reform, how can we turn around put someone on the bench for life that supports executing kids?
LIVE: Sherrod joins @SenatorBennet, @rosadelauro @RepDelBene to introduce the American Families Act. It would overhaul the existing Child Tax Credit make it a more effective tool for supporting middle-class families with kids reducing child poverty.
RT @AFJustice: "We can't afford another judge who has made it his mission to take away Americans' health care."  - @SenSherrodBrown on why…
A heartbreaking day in Lordstown, as the last Cruze rolls off the line today. These workers are the heart and soul of GM. I stand with them and their families, and I'll continue to fight with them to save this plant and their jobs.
Thank you @UNCF for welcoming me to today’s State of the HBCU Address for including me in the Honor Roll of congressional members who’ve championed HBCUs. HBCUs, like Ohio’s @wilberforce_u @CentralState87, are essential to our higher ed system we must always support them.
Chad Readler for LA Daily Journal: “Make Death Penalty for Youth Available Widely.” That's who Trump wants on the federal bench for life—someone who thinks 16 year-old kids should be executed. The Senate must do the right thing vote no on Chad Readler.
President Trump’s remarks are a slap in the face to these workers that he’s done nothing to help.
This week, GM is set to lay off thousands of workers in Lordstown, Ohio and around the country. And what’s the President’s response? Boasting nonsense and rubbing salt in these workers’ wounds.
Special interests already have armies of lobbyists and lawyers on their side – they don’t need judges in their pockets. The Senate must reject Chad Readler's nomination today.
Chad Readler defended an effort by the state of Ohio to block 17-year-olds’ right to vote in a primary election if the voter would be 18 by the time of the general election.
In the landmark case Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission, Chad Readler submitted a brief arguing that businesses can refuse services to same-sex couples.
At @TheJusticeDept, Chad Readler signed a legal brief in support of a lawsuit by the state of Texas that sought to overturn pre-existing condition protections in the ACA. The day after he signed the brief, he was nominated to the Sixth Circuit.
Chad Readler defended the Trump Administration for separating a mother and child at the border.
Time after time, Chad Readler has worked to strip Americans of their rights. The stakes are too high to put him on the bench for life.
The value of the ‘Made in the USA’ label is dependent on its integrity. The @FTC must do more to protect American manufacturers and consumers.
Chad Readler is a clear and immediate threat to the health coverage of millions of Americans with preexisting conditions. The stakes for Americans’ health care are too high to put him on the bench for life.
WATCH LIVE: Sherrod joins @SenateDems in speaking out about judicial nominee Chad Readler’s record of fighting to strip Americans of their healthcare rights.
People who work 50 or 60 hours a week should be paid the wages they’ve earned. Period. If the Trump administration follows through on this rule, it would be breaking its promise to hardworking Americans.
If you’ve been scammed, you deserve to have your day in court. Ending the use of forced arbitration in student loans, credit card agreements, and employment contracts gives working Americans a fighting chance against powerful special interests.
Instead of investing their tax savings in their world-class American workers, GM is ending the final shift in Lordstown this week and laying off thousands of workers. That’s corporate greed at its worst.
Opening day is not far off.  The sound of “play ball” and the optimism of opening day – not the loss of good-paying union jobs – should be what is on the mind of baseball fans across America. An important read from @whatwouldDOOdo. #NewEraHatsOff
Our hearts break for all those who lost loved ones in Alabama and Georgia, as we worshipped in Selma today.
We will not let the sacrifices made on this hallowed ground become footnotes to history. We will remember what happened in Selma, and we will always fight to protect the right to vote.
Reflecting after an extraordinary day in Selma. This fight to protect the right to vote goes on – and we must use that vote to uplift the dignity of work for all workers.
RT @alivitali: At the foot of the Edmund Pettus Bridge. #selma
We can - and we must - continue the fight of every foot soldier who crossed this bridge 54 years ago. Voting rights are still under attack to this day.
We have to keep fighting to protect the right to vote, and use that vote to uplift the dignity of work for all workers.
Voting rights are the bedrock on which all movements for justice are built. But the ballot box is the tool – not the end in itself. After the bloodshed at Selma brought victory in Congress, Dr. King didn’t declare victory and go home. He called Selma only “Phase One.”
Grateful to @RepTerriSewell for welcoming us to Selma today, and fighting for justice in Congress.
Scenes from Selma this morning. All over the city, we see tributes to the brave foot soldiers – reminders that the right they sacrificed so much for is still under attack today, and we must continue the work to protect the right to vote.
Voting rights are always under attack. We know in Georgia, they stole the election from who should have been governor. They are afraid of what we will do with the vote.
Real populism is never racist. Real populism is never anti-Semitic. Real populism doesn't divide people. As we remember what happened in Selma 54 years ago, we need to remember what real populism does: it lifts everyone up.
Such an honor to meet Leroy Moten, a Foot Soldier of Selma.
Looking forward to a meaningful day in Selma with the hundreds of others here today. A reminder of how far we’ve come, but how much work we have left to do in this country. #FPICivilRights
UPDATE: Yesterday, the Summit Academy teachers ratified their first contract, ensuring a voice in their workplace, and establishing staffing guidelines. Their advocacy is inspiring – congratulations to these educators and @OFTadvocate on a big victory.
Too many families in America are forced to make tough decisions about child care as costs skyrocket and wages don’t keep up. We need to start thinking about child care as a public good in this country – and we can do that with our bill.
Happy birthday, Ohio! It’s been a great 216 years, and we’re just getting started.
Part of that means updating our laws to catch up with the reality that women are heading families and leading in their workplaces, and are often stretched thin trying to make ends meet – that includes paid sick leave, paid family leave, and #childcare4all.
But while we celebrate the trailblazing women who came before us and those who are forging new trails today, we must also recommit ourselves to the work still ahead to achieve full equality. We must not rest until there are no more barriers left to break.
Throughout this #WomensHistoryMonth, we celebrate the women in Ohio and across our nation who have shaped the course of our history, and worked to make our country a more perfect union.
Republican efforts to strip women of their health care rights are shameful. Today and every day, women should have the freedom to make personal, private health decisions, and those decisions should be between them and their doctors, not their legislators. #HowDareYou
With so much at stake – the health of Lake Erie, climate change, safe drinking water and clean air for our families – I cannot support the nomination of Andrew Wheeler to serve as EPA Administrator.
Big oil and gas already have too much power in Washington and in the White House. Ohioans deserve an EPA Administrator willing to stand up for the interests of our state, not rubberstamp the agenda of corporate polluters and their lobbyists.
This week, we saw yet another attempt by Republican politicians to put themselves in the middle of the sacred doctor-patient relationship, and take away the freedom of women to make their own healthcare decisions. We defeated that bill, but we've got to keep fighting.
Our team was proud to join the picket line at Summit Academy today. We stand in solidarity with @OFTadvocate and these teachers, in their fight for resources they need to best serve their students.
The KKK is a terrorist organization that is not welcome in our state. To any Ohioan who feels scared or threatened right now, know that I stand with you. We will not tolerate intimidation, threats or violence against our neighbors.
Climate change is one of the defining moral issues of our time. We have to take aggressive action to protect our future now.
Full employment isn’t just about having a job – it means having a job that honors the dignity of your work, that pays wages and benefits that were earned. The @FederalReserve must do more to help workers share in the wealth they create.
It’s against the law to discriminate against workers with disabilities. Walmart’s actions are despicable, and the corporation must find a way to help these workers – many of whom have been important members of the Walmart team for
Taxpayers subsidize the research marketing for drug companies – and yet, these very same drug companies continue to raise list prices, to the point that many drugs are hugely expensive, even unaffordable. 7 Big Pharma executives confirmed that today. We can't let this stand.
When employers value their workers – and invest in their success – they reap the benefits, too. Read about the example set by Whirlpool, and how they've made sure hard work pays off for their Ohio workers.
Women should have the freedom to make personal, private health decisions, and those decisions should be between them and their doctors, not their legislators. That’s true today, and every day.
As we see the deliberate dismantling of voting rights today, it’s more important than ever we honor those who marched 54 years ago – risking their lives to demand full equal participation in our democracy – and continue to stand up for the rights they sacrificed so much for.
In 1998, I was honored to join the first @FaithNPolitics pilgrimage to Selma, Alabama, to commemorate the anniversary of Bloody Sunday. Looking forward to returning for this year’s pilgrimage with @ConnieSchultz.
Tonight’s vote isn’t about protecting women – it’s about scoring political points at the expense of women's health and freedom to make their own healthcare decisions.
Who says that birthday parties get less exciting when you’re older? Happy 100th birthday to a great Ohioan, Emmett Duffy. Thank you for your service to our state, and our country.
The sound of ‘play ball’ and the optimism of opening day – not the loss of good-paying union jobs – should be what is on the mind of baseball fans across America. Urging the @MLB to help save 200+ union jobs at New Era Cap Company. #NewEraHatsOff
What would America’s pastime be without union-made, American-made baseball caps? New Era union workers have made @MLB’s hats for decades – and right now their jobs are in jeopardy. Read more from @whatwouldDOOdo about how we can fight back. #NewEraHatsOff
Senator John Glenn’s travels, adventures, and accomplishments continue to inspire us all. An American hero and a great Ohioan.
The proposed merger between T-Mobile and Sprint is dangerous – it’ll hurt our workers and bring higher monthly bills for customers. Urging the @FCC and @TheJusticeDept to reject this plan.
Corporate profits have soared, executive compensation has exploded, but wages are flat. Meanwhile, the cost of everything from healthcare to education housing is up. We need to put money back in the pockets of working people that’s what this bill does.
Honored to be one of @OhioAmvets’ Legislators of the Year. Proud to always fight to ensure servicemembers and veterans are given the recognition and the dignity they deserve.
Voted no on William Barr’s nomination to be Attorney General yesterday. He made no commitment to fight voter suppression or racial gerrymandering, and anything less than a total commitment is unacceptable for an Attorney General.
We stand with the people of Aurora, IL. Our hearts break for all those affected, and we offer our gratitude to the first responders. And as we cope with yet another gun violence tragedy, we also know that thoughts and prayers are not enough. -SB
The SAVE VOTERS ACT – cosponsored by @SenAmyKlobuchar – will restore the rights taken from voters and uphold the integrity of our election process. We need to make it easier, not harder, for Americans to vote and make their voices heard. -SB
Instead of building a wall, we should be passing a bill to provide back pay for the contract workers the President hurt with his shutdown. -SB
The President continues to hurt the people who make this country work by wasting time standing in the way of important work like protecting pensions for millions of workers retirees, bringing down the cost of prescription drugs, or rewriting the tax code to put people first.
The President’s decision to take funding away from our military to support his vanity project is reckless and irresponsible.
In the year since the horrific Parkland shooting, we’ve lost nearly 1,200 more kids to gun violence in this country.  Enough is enough. We have to act now.
Any effort to take funding away from our military to support the President’s vanity project is reckless and irresponsible. The President needs to drop the threats, sign this bill and stop standing in the way of important work we should be doing for the people we serve. -SB
The students of Parkland, and the millions of Americans inspired by them, give me hope for the future. I hope all of my Senate colleagues listen to them. -SB
They have a simple demand: that the people who represent them protect them from gun violence. I stand with them: we cannot say we are doing what it takes to keep our country safe until we're finally willing to pass commonsense laws to protect all Americans from gun violence.
But one of our country’s greatest strengths is that out of even the greatest tragedies, Americans channel their outrage and grief into action. The young people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School launched an incredible movement for change in this country.
Today marks one year since 17 Americans were brutally murdered at school in Parkland, Florida. 17 others were wounded that day. And hundreds of students and teachers joined the ranks of survivors of mass shootings. Their lives will never be the same.
Mr. President – these federal contract workers missed weeks of wages because of your pointless shutdown. Many of these workers are paid too little to begin with, and they’re no less deserving of backpay than any other worker. We must ensure they get the paychecks they’re owed.
RT @afa_cwa: Ran into @SenSherrodBrown while on the hill and we all agree: We cannot afford a continued government shutdown. #NoDay36
For too many workers, hard work isn’t paying off. We need to throw out the President’s tax law rewrite the tax code to put people first. I’m introducing a plan that will create a tax code that puts money in the pockets of working people, raises wages keeps jobs in the US. -SB
We need to throw out President Trump’s tax law, and completely rewrite our tax code to put people first. This plan is an important part of how we do that.
Our plan would also let workers claim a one-time advance on their EITC refund. Right now, 4 in 10 Americans say they couldn’t afford an emergency expense of $400 without borrowing money. Early refund EITC would give many Americans an alternative to expensive, predatory lenders.
A study by AARP the National Alliance for Caregiving found that almost 40 million Americans are providing unpaid care. A study by GAO found almost a third of all college students experience food insecurity. These students caregivers need the stability our plan would provide.
This plan would double the EITC for working families and make millions more people eligible. For the first time, students and caregivers would be able to claim the EITC. Getting an education is work. Taking care of a loved one is work. Our society needs to recognize that.
The cost of everything from healthcare, to rent, to college tuition is up – but for most workers, wages are flat. They need more money in their pockets to keep up. That’s why @RepRoKhanna, @RepBonnie, and I are introducing a Cost of Living Refund.
Loved hearing from students in @clairecmc’s seminar at @UChicago today, and taking their hard questions.
Thank you to everyone who came together in Perrysburg today. We speak with one voice: racism, bigotry, and hate are not welcome in our great state. We must fight hate with love for our neighbors, and we are all encouraged whenever we see that love across Ohio.
LIVE: Sherrod honors Frank Robinson’s legacy on the Senate floor. “As we celebrate #BlackHistoryMonth, we…cannot give up on his dream of breaking down the institutional barriers that are set up for people of color in baseball and throughout our society.”
No worker should ever have to choose between their health and family, or their job. Let’s make #PaidLeave a reality for all workers, by passing the #FAMILYAct.
Today marks 110 years of the @NAACP fighting for social justice for people of color. Honored to be a lifetime member, and to support their important work – during #BlackHistoryMonth, and all year round.
We will not tolerate acts of violence and hatred toward our neighbors. As Ohioans, we stand with Temple Beth Israel-Shaare Zedek and the Lima community in condemning these horrific acts and standing up to hatred and bigotry of any kind.
We certainly didn’t agree on every issue, but we worked together whenever we found common ground, fighting for a trade policy that puts American jobs first and a Consumer Bureau that stands up to Wall Street on behalf of American consumers and servicemembers. -SB
In a town where people too often seem to be guided by poll numbers and partisanship, @RepWalterJones was a man who followed his own moral compass.
By proposing @CFPB gut the payday lending rule, Director Kraninger is helping payday lenders rob families of their hard-earned money. Eliminating these commonsense protections will result in millions of families trapped in a cycle of debt and poverty. We can’t let that happen.
Payday lenders are quite literally taught to trap people in a cycle of debt – this graphic comes directly from a training document that was used by payday lender ACE Cash Express.
There’s a very clear argument for why we need payday lending protections: as the @CFPB itself found, “four out of five payday borrowers either default or renew a payday loan over the course of a year.”
Everyone deserves the chance to earn a living make a positive contribution to their communities. Fair hiring practices help ensure people who have served their time can reenter the workforce without continuing to be punished for past mistakes. #BanTheBox
RT @AFGENational: “You make our government work and you make our country work. Don’t ever forget that!” — @SenSherrodBrown #OurVoice2019 #1…
Officer Brandon Watson put himself in harm’s way to keep Ohioans safe, and we’re praying for a swift and easy recovery.
"Like all of you, I'm troubled about the times in which we find ourselves. We have too much ill-will, too much hatred, too much bitterness, too much anger.” - @JohnDingell
Our hearts are breaking for @RepDebDingell and all those who knew and loved @JohnDingell. He was an institution. And because my own words can’t do justice to John’s life and legacy, I’d like to share some of his instead:
To put it quite simply: Prescription drug prices are too high. It’s past time Washington did something about it.
Teamed up with @gillibrandny to reintroduce the Stop Price Gouging Act, which would protect Americans from prescription drug price spikes by requiring drug companies to report and justify their decisions to increase prices, and prevent Big Pharma from price gouging.
The next step in lowering prices for all Americans is going after the corporations that engage in price gouging – increasing prices exponentially, without cause. That’s where the Stop Price Gouging Act comes in.
Under our plan, if drug companies refuse to negotiate in good faith, the Secretary could facilitate the creation of a generic drug, bringing down prices for everyone.
The first is a plan experts say “terrifies Big Pharma.” The Medicare Negotiation and Competitive Licensing Act would allow the Secretary of HHS to negotiate directly with drug companies to lower prices.
The purpose of medicine is to help people, not to line the pockets of Big Pharma executives. That’s why I’m proud to introduce two bills today to lower prescription drug prices for American families – here’s how they’ll work:
WATCH LIVE: Sherrod and @RepLloydDoggett unveil their new legislation to lower prescription drug prices.
Eric Murphy defended the Trump Administration’s Muslim Ban in two separate cases, joining multi-state briefs in support of the policy.
Chad Readler has argued in federal court that DACA is unlawful. He worked to rescind the program and the DACA protections for Dreamers.
Chad Readler defended the Trump Administration for separating a mother and child at the border.
Ahead of a vote in the Senate Judiciary Committee today, Ohioans deserve to understand Eric Murphy and Chad Readler’s records on the issues that matter to American families – like how they’ve both defended the Trump Administration’s most extreme immigration policies.
No one who has already tried to influence the Mueller investigation can be impartial – and the United States needs an impartial Attorney General. The Senate Judiciary Committee must oppose William Barr’s nomination today.
Eliminating these common sense protections will result in millions of hardworking families trapped in a cycle of debt and poverty. The @CFPB is helping payday lenders rob families of their hard-earned money. -SB
MUST-READ: @JimObergefell’s op-ed, arguing against Eric Murphy’s confirmation. “…if Murphy had been successful, John and I, and tens of thousands of couples like us, would have been denied the right to marry and forced to live as second-class citizens.”
Eric Murphy led the Obergefell case for the State of Ohio, arguing that gay couples do not have a constitutionally-protected right to marry. Murphy stated that marriage equality would be “disruptive” to our constitutional democracy.
Chad Readler argued in court that employers may fire or refuse to hire an individual because of their sexual orientation.
In the landmark case Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission, Chad Readler submitted a brief arguing that businesses can refuse services to same-sex couples.
Chad Readler defended the Trump Administration’s discriminatory transgender military ban.
Chad Readler and Eric Murphy’s work to strip the rights of LGBTQ Americans should disqualify them from sitting on the bench. Learn more about their records before the Senate Judiciary Committee marks up their nominations tomorrow →
Eric Murphy defended the State of Ohio in a case where he argued that Ohioans’ ballots should be thrown out if they include minor errors, including spelling errors, and that Ohioans should have less time to prove the identification listed on their ballots.
In 2018, Eric Murphy secured Ohio’s decision to kick Ohioans off the rolls for not voting, even if they were duly registered, never moved, and showed up at the correct location to vote.
Chad Readler defended an effort by the state of Ohio to block 17-year-olds’ right to vote in a primary election if the voter would be 18 by the time of the general election.
Representing a conservative think tank, Chad Readler submitted a legal brief in support of ending Golden Week in Ohio, a week in which Ohioans could register to vote vote early in the same week. His argument made it harder for Ohioans to register vote.
As the Senate Judiciary Committee prepares to mark up the nominations of Chad Readler and Eric Murphy this week, here’s what you need to know about their work to make it harder to vote in Ohio →
President Trump talked a lot about how well the economy is doing. I don’t measure the economy by the stock market. I measure it by people’s paychecks, the cost of healthcare, housing, education. And for far too many people, hard work isn’t paying off like it should. -SB #SOTU
For too many people, hard work isn’t paying off like it should. That needs to be our focus moving forward – to make sure hard work pays off for everyone, no matter who you are or what you do.
We can’t measure the economy by the stock market. We need to measure it by people’s paychecks, the cost of housing and education.
Glad to have Rita Lewis and @UAW Local 1112 President Dave Green joining @RepTimRyan and me at tonight’s #SOTU. With one voice, we stand together fighting for Ohio workers.
Had a wonderful visit at Brigid’s Path last fall, shortly before the CRIB Act was signed into law. Read more about their important work on behalf of families like Ashley’s and Olivia’s here:
Ashley and her daughter Olivia were given a strong start to recovery at Brigid’s Path in Kettering, Ohio – glad that Ashley is attending tonight’s #SOTU and shining a light on addiction and Brigid’s Path’s important work.
Hear from Rita Lewis about why she’s joining Sherrod at #SOTU. “I am calling on President Trump: Please. Please. Hear us. Look at us. And help us, by protecting the future of this country it even greater again by passing the legislation that will protect our pensions.”
So glad to have my friend Rita Lewis with me for tonight’s #SOTU. She’s here to tell Washington to honor the dignity of work right now by supporting the workers and retirees who are fighting for the pensions they earned.
Eric Murphy also filed an amicus brief in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby, Inc., siding with employers that sought to deny women access to healthcare in direct conflict with provisions of the Affordable Care Act.
As an attorney representing the R.J Reynolds Tobacco Company, Eric Murphy actively worked to prevent a family from receiving a financial settlement after smoking cigarettes led to their loved one’s death.
At @TheJusticeDept, Chad Readler signed a legal brief in support of a lawsuit by the state of TX that sought to overturn pre-existing condition protections in the Affordable Care Act. The day after he signed the brief, Trump nominated him to Sixth Circuit.
This week, the Senate Judiciary Committee will take up the nominations of Chad Readler and Eric Murphy to serve on the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals. These two men have spent their careers working to strip Ohioans of their healthcare rights. Here’s what you need to know →
We need to get our priorities straight, and immediately pass our bipartisan legislation to backpay federal contract workers. These workers and their families should not suffer the consequences of a shutdown that they did not cause.
Right now, Republican senators are trying to repeal the estate tax – the next step in their quest to make the rich richer. There is no world in which the Senate should act on that before we ensure every federal contract worker receives backpay after 35 days of lost wages.
For too many workers, hard work just doesn’t pay off. If we truly value a hard day’s work, we must fix that. We can start by keeping our promise to my friend Rita Lewis to thousands of Ohioans that they can retire with the pensions they earned. Glad Rita will join me at #SOTU.
Because of GM’s corporate greed, thousands of workers across the country will be out of a job tomorrow. Meanwhile, still waiting on real answers from GM about how these layoffs will affect Ohio, and what they plan to do about it.
Our hearts break for the family of the Deputy who was killed and we are praying for a full recovery for the Deputy who was injured. -SB
This month is a celebration of trailblazers like Justice Stewart. As we honor their achievements, we teach our children that Black history is American history, not just in February but all year long.
Justice Melody Stewart’s official swearing-in yesterday was a terrific way to usher in #BlackHistoryMonth: she’s made history as the first African American woman elected to Ohio’s highest court.
Unfortunately, President Trump has a pattern of walking away from our international commitments - from the Paris Climate Accords, to efforts to stop Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons - and I believe we should work with our allies to rejoin those efforts. -SB
Everyone agrees Russia isn’t following the rules, but we can’t enforce the treaty if we aren’t in it. The Administration needs to work in good faith to bring Russia back into compliance so that we aren’t faced with a new nuclear arms race in Europe.
We need to stay aggressive during trade negotiations with China. Joining @SenSchumer and @RonWyden in urging the Trump Administration to demand enforceable, verifiable, and enduring concessions to combat China’s predatory trade practices.
The Banking Committee must hold hearings to carefully examine our housing market and listen closely to feedback provided by homeowners, renters, the Civil Rights community and lenders. I look forward to working with my colleagues. -SB
Failure to put working people first would threaten access to affordable homeownership and rental housing, put the viability of the 30-year mortgage at risk, and hit lower income communities, communities of color, and rural Americans particularly hard.
Too often Congress and the White House have put Wall Street ahead of working people, and we cannot let that happen when it comes to the stability of our housing market.
I will fight to ensure that any efforts to reform the housing market start by addressing the affordability crisis that is hurting too many renters and homeowners across this country.
Instead of giving money to corporations and hoping it trickles down, let’s cut out the middle-man and put the money directly in the pockets of working families. Read about my plan with @SenatorBennet to do exactly that.
It’s despicable what GM is doing in Lordstown and across the country. I strongly support @UAW’s decision to fight GM’s attack on American workers. -SB
This video is a reminder of what we all know to be true – GM’s workers and the American taxpayers stood by GM in 2008.  Now that the company is successful again, it’s time for GM to stand by its workers.
If President Trump is serious about protecting the U.S. steel and iron industries, he should do more than ‘encourage’ Buy America provisions – he should require them by supporting our bill. -SB
The President has a history of making big announcements that sound great, but don’t actually do anything to help American workers.
The future of Ohio families depends on ensuring that women have #EqualPay, equal rights and equal opportunity. We need to pass the #PaycheckFairness Act, to ensure women receive the equal pay they’ve earned.
Our hearts go out to these crew members’ loved ones. As we learn more about this tragedy, we stand with all of Ohio in mourning.
RT @AkronOhioMayor: Stay warm and stay safe! Here are some good precautions to safely heat your home during these extreme temperatures. htt…
The President’s tax law rewards Wall Street and corporations that ship jobs overseas. That’s unacceptable. We need to encourage companies to invest in their workers – introduced two bills with @SenatorDurbin that put workers first.
“The expensive 2017 tax law failed to encourage Corporate America to embark on a boom in hiring or job-creating investment.”Meanwhile, companies announced more than $1 trillion in stock buybacks…
We must take action to ensure all workers get the paychecks they are owed – including janitorial, food service other contract workers who have been hurt by the President’s shutdown. They shouldn't suffer the consequences of a shutdown they did not cause.
Special interests already have armies of lobbyists and lawyers on their side – they don’t need judges like Chad Readler and Eric Murphy in their pockets.
Eric Murphy defended Ohio’s voter purge, along with strict voter ID laws, and fought to uphold restrictions on early voting in Ohio. He led the legal battle to outlaw “Golden Week” in Ohio, which allowed voters the opportunity to register and vote on the same day.
As the State Solicitor of Ohio, Eric Murphy argued against marriage equality in the landmark Obergefell case. Murphy submitted a brief to SCOTUS in which he said that a finding of a constitutional right to marriage equality would be “disruptive” to our constitutional democracy.
Chad Readler also supported the Trump Administration’s discriminatory transgender military ban, and defended their heartless policy of separating families at the border.
At @TheJusticeDept, Chad Readler signed a legal brief in support of a lawsuit by the state of Texas seeking to overturn pre-existing condition protections in the Affordable Care Act. The day after he signed the brief, he was nominated to the Sixth Circuit.
This month, President Trump re-nominated two judges to serve on the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals – Chad Readler and Eric Murphy. Here’s why we can’t allow either nominee to sit on the bench →
On #HolocaustRemembranceDay, we memorialize the inhumanity of the Holocaust, and pay tribute to the millions who were murdered. We also recommit ourselves to combatting intolerance and indifference through learning, understanding, and remembrance.
"..if Murphy had been successful, John and I, and...couples like us, would have been denied the right to marry forced to live as 2nd-class citizens." - @JimObergefellEric Murphy worked to strip Ohioans of their rights. He doesn't belong on 6th Circuit.
Democrats and Republicans agree we need to work together to secure our borders, and we should work together to fix our broken immigration system. I hope the President has learned that he cannot hold the paychecks of American workers hostage in that process. -SB
We must take action to ensure all workers get the paychecks they are owed, including janitorial, food service, and other contract workers who have been hurt by the President’s shutdown.
The President decided to do his job 35 days too late, after inflicting a world of unnecessary pain on workers across this country – all for a border wall he promised Mexico would pay for.
"We cannot continue to be weaponized in this manner.” – Jacqueline, furloughed FEMA worker #ShutdownStories
.@wrightstate is a pillar in the SW Ohio community I’m proud of the faculty students demanding better benefits for those who’ve helped make it the premier institution it is today. I support the rights of all workers to join together fight for better working conditions. -SB
Governor DeWine’s decision is reckless, and it will hurt Ohio women.  We’ll fight this at every turn. Women, not politicians, should have the freedom to make personal, private health decisions for themselves. -SB
“It’s disgusting elected officials are telling us ‘to go mow somebody’s lawn.’ I mean, come on. If we don’t do our job, we’d get fired out in the market right? But they don’t do their job, and they still get to keep it.” – Riz, contract worker at @TheJusticeDept #ShutdownStories
I’m calling on Mitch McConnell, Donald Trump my GOP colleagues to listen to the hardworking Americans who are suffering under this unnecessary avoidable shutdown. Talk to the workers military members small biz owners who you’re hurting. Reopen the govt do it today. -SB
A bill to reopen the government was put on the Senate Floor today, and Leader McConnell and Senate Republicans refused to do their jobs and end this shutdown.
“My wife is 4 months pregnant, my daughter is 4 years old. We're going through whatever savings we have...at this point we’re probably going to have to take our daughter out of pre-kindergarten.” – Chris, contract worker at @TheJusticeDept #ShutdownStories
"Our science is shut down. The telescopes are still collecting data, but we can’t look at it. We can’t talk to our students, or our colleagues, or our postdocs about the work that they would like to be doing. " – Jane, furloughed NASA worker #ShutdownStories
Chad Readler and Eric Murphy are just as unqualified to sit on the federal bench now as they were the first time President Trump nominated them. These nominees actively worked to strip Ohioans of their rights – they have no place on the Sixth Circuit.
Thanks to @RevJJackson for standing with the Toledo community in the wake of the racist acts at the GM plant. We must continue to stand with one voice and say together that we will not tolerate acts of racism and hate against our neighbors.
.@cbsthismorning came to Lordstown, to learn about how GM’s decision to close the plant is reverberating in the community. Joined @NPRinskeep with @senrobportman, to talk about our work together on behalf of these workers.We will not stop fighting for Lordstown.
Women’s personal, private health decisions are just that – private – and they must always be able to make them in consultation with their doctors, not politicians. Proud to stand with #7in10ForRoe. #Roe46
Missing 1 paycheck may not seem like a lot to the billionaire president his multi-millionaire cabinet. But for most Americans, missing a paycheck is a big deal. The President must end his shutdown now, before thousands of workers miss another paycheck.
I am grateful to everyone who volunteers to serve in our military. Servicemembers put their lives on line for this country, and we should not be turning away anyone who is willing and able to serve. -SB
Joined workers in Lordstown this #MLKDay. Dr. King said to UAW workers: “A society that performs miracles w/ machinery has the capacity to make some miracles for men if it values men as highly as it values machines.” GM must value the men, women community making its machines.
A few more thoughts about Click, Clack, Moo’s Farmer Brown, and the cows’ organizing effort....
Found a copy of “Click, Clack, Moo: Cows That Type” this morning while we were volunteering with @CityYearCLE. It’s one of our family favorites - all of our grandkids have a copy!
Loved participating in a community service project with @ConnieSchultz and @CityYearCLE volunteers this morning. Brought back great memories of our daughters’ time with @CityYear.  Thanks to all who are participating in today’s #MLKDay of Service across the country.
What an honor to be with Reverend Dr. Otis Moss, Jr. and Reverend Dr. R.E. Hedgeman this #MLKDay. Thank you, Rev. Dr. Hedgeman, for your inspiring words reminding us that those who came before us did so much with so much less than we have now. So now, we must do more with more.
LIVE: Sherrod speaks at the 19th annual Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Holiday Breakfast Celebration in Cleveland
