"Condemning infanticide should be a unanimous vote. It's a basic human rights issue."Full video here:
"Despite opposition and setbacks, despite some strange rhetoric about this bill over the course of the last week, I am hopeful in the long term." Full video here:
A lot of Senators spend a lot of time telling people how they fight for the little guy. Well, here’s the chance for them to prove it. We’re going to have a vote on the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act on Monday, February
Op-Ed in @USATODAY: Don't Let Infanticide Be A Partisan Issue.
One foot in front of another – this kid’s got grit and heart. Noah is an inspiring athlete and a great Nebraskan. I’m honored he’s my guest at tonight’s #SOTU. Full video here:
In this country, all of us are created equal. If that equality means anything, surely it means that infanticide is wrong. Frankly, this shouldn’t be hard.
Thousands of Americans come to DC for the #MarchForLife. This should fill us with hope. Our cause is pro-woman, pro-baby, pro-science, and pro-human dignity. We’re pro-truth, and truth is winning.
Statement on reports about withdrawal from Syria:
President George H.W. Bush served the American people with honor, diligence, and integrity — from his Naval service to the Oval Office. His family knows well the sacrifices required of public service and they have the gratitude of our entire
Like always, Nebraska answered the call. This time it was to ensure that a Vietnam Vet wasn’t buried alone. Hundreds joined together to remember celebrate Stanley C. Stoltz, who along with thousands of Nebraskans, answered our country’s call to service. We are forever grateful.
The greatest things in life are not on the battlefield, but the battlefield makes it possible for the greatest things in life to exist. The framework for ordered liberty happens because people like this and people like you all are willing to sacrifice.Thanks for serving, 394th.
Senator Sasse and Brett Kavanaugh: The Constitution Tilts Toward Liberty
We can and we should do better than this. It's predictable now that every confirmation hearing is going to be an overblown, politicized circus. And it's because we've accepted a bad new theory about how our three branches of government should
FINALLY, it is again a college football Saturday in Nebraska.Scott Frost is back. Our swag is back. And, soon, a sea of red — 90,000 strong — will be too. #GBR
To honor John McCain’s legacy, the Senate should do something that would make both parties uncomfortable.

Sasse: Putin Leaves Helsinki With A
RT @KenDilanianNBC: DNI Dan Coats, today: “We are seeing aggressive attempts (by Russia) to spread propaganda focused on hot button issues…
The U.S. intelligence community knows that the Russian government attacked the U.S. This is not a Republican or a Democrat view -- it is simply the reality. All patriotic Americans should understand that Putin is not America's friend, and he is not the President's buddy...
What protests at the Supreme Court - not the White House and not Congress - tell us about our break down in basic
Full statement on Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Supreme
Full statement on Kennedy retirement and upcoming Supreme Court confirmation debate:
RT @jameswegmann: “Let's not sugarcoat it: Washington is dangerously unserious about cybersecurity.” - @BenSasse.Read The Cybersecurity 2…
Charles Krauthammer and @prattprattpratt on real strength. Read here:
Charles Krauthammer’s thoughtful voice and powerful work to elevate discourse in America will be missed.
My thoughts on the child separation policy.Read here:
Full statement on G-7 trade talks:
RT @SenatorFischer: On the Senate floor today, I paid tribute to the life service of @NENationalGuard Sgt. First Class Tricia Jameson of…
#OnThisDay more than 70 years ago, Allied troops stormed the shores of France during World War II. Today, we honor the 160,000 troops who fought their way onto the beaches and we tell the story of one Nebraskan whose work made it possible. #DDay
About those new tariffs: Europe, Canada Mexico aren't China. You don’t treat allies the same way you treat opponents. Blanket protectionism is a big part of why we had a Great Depression. "Make America Great Again" shouldn’t mean "Make America 1929 Again."
Today, we remember the story of a special Nebraskan monument to our fallen heroes. May this Sea of Red be a tribute to your courage service forever. Happy #MemorialDay, and Go Big Red. #gbr
Kim Jong Un is a murderous despot and habitual liar. The President made the right call to cancel this summit. If North Korea wants diplomacy, it should know that half-measures and spin about its nuclear program won’t cut it.
Barbara Bush lived an extraordinary life of devotion, love, and laughter. She was a blessing to the First Family and the nation. Melissa and I lift up the entire Bush family in our prayers during this time.
It is good news that today the President directed Larry Kudlow and Ambassador Lighthizer to negotiate U.S. entry into TPP:
RT @markknoller: Emerging from WH meeting on trade and agriculture, @SenSasse said @POTUS directed Trade Rep Lighthizer and Econ Advisor Ku…
Thank you, @NDSS, for bringing the voices of Macy, Clay, and Alijah to Capitol Hill. These kids have a lot to teach us. #BWW2018
Facebook is a really big and powerful platform. Their decisions on how to police speech will have far-reaching consequences. That’s why I asked Mark Zuckerberg in today's hearing to define “hate speech.”It is a hard question and an important conversation.
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. persevered, even unto death, in asserting the god-given rights of all Americans.Read the full text of his final speech, here - it will give you chills: May we never lose sight of his message. #MLK50
He single-handedly saved millions from starvation, but most people haven’t heard of him. Today we honor Norman Borlaug, the ag pioneer who was born #OnThisDay in 1914.
Lots of folks in politics the media are misconstruing trade. When we talk about trade, we should remember these six big ideas.
Total dysfunction. DC is about to add 1.3 TRILLION $ to your debt like it’s no big deal - and meanwhile both of our crazy uncles are fistfighting in the backyard. Happy Thanksgiving, America.
Thinking of these four kids, and so many others, on World Down Syndrome Awareness Day: matters. Love matters. To Lucas, Kyle, James, Grant – and to us all. #WDSD18
Full text of the letter @SenJohnMcCain and I sent seeking a coordinated NATO response to Russia.
Let’s get this straight: Equifax put millions of Americans at risk, got a no-bid contract from the feds, and at least one employee turned a personal profit from trading on the misfortune of the victims? Someone needs to answer for this.
Here's how steel tariffs will actually kill steel jobs.
Op-ed with @NEFarmBureau: We need to drop the talk of unnecessary and painful trade wars and work to protect NAFTA. Nebraskans have won with NAFTA and scrapping the agreement would be a disastrously bad idea.​ 
We’ve tried tariffs like these a bunch of times over the last two centuries. Every time, American families have suffered. This trade policy will be disastrous.
Trade is great for America. It's great for American families. Trade creates jobs lowers prices for American families. Trade wars do the opposite. No trade war has ever worked. We don't want to make America 1930 again.
#OnThisDay 151 years ago, Nebraska officially became a state. Today we celebrate the pioneers, caretakers of the land, statesmen, and volunteers who have made our state so great.
#OnThisDay in 1980, we beat the USSR in a hockey match that is still one of sports history’s greatest upsets: the Miracle on Ice.
Sports don’t just build character; they reveal it. Kudos to Rachel Mulligan, whose cross country skiing earned medals in the 500m freestyle race 1km freestyle race in the @SpecialOlympics Winter World Games in Austria. Thanks for making Nebraska proud! @SONebraska #SOHillDay
Today we remember the "Buffalo Soldiers" who served at Nebraska’s Ft Robinson nearly 100 years before the Civil Rights Act. These volunteers suffered indignities from their colleagues, commanding officers, and even from the very citizens they worked to protect. #BlackHistoryMonth
Honored to have @NEStatePatrol’s John Lewis as my #SOTU guest tonight. This hero went above beyond to serve his neighbor after hurricanes ravaged the Florida Keys. America needs more neighbors like him.
Tomorrow, hundreds of thousands will travel to Washington, D.C. from across the country to #MarchForLife. The crowd will fill city blocks. But the real movement is even bigger. #WhyWeMarch
The #NEBreakfast is back. Check out the 2018 dates and learn more about this 75-year-old tradition here:
#OnThisDay in 1888, a blizzard tore through the Great Plains, killing about 300 people, many of them children. But the real story wasn’t the great power of the storm, it was the great stories of resilience and heroism - especially of the schoolteachers.
This is national security 101: Washington should be hunting down terrorists who fund global violence with domestic drug money.
It’s not helpful to call the press the enemy of the American people. Here’s why. #1a
What this terrifying statistic tells us: we are failing to teach the First Amendment to the next generation.
Merry Christmas! Today we remember a Christmas miracle that happened #OnThisDay in North Platte in 1941.
The First Amendment is the beating heart of the American experiment, and you don’t get to separate the five freedoms that are in there.
RT @politico: Ben Sasse calls on the Trump administration to investigate Obama actions related to Hezbollah
#OnThisDay in 1891, a group of boys at a YMCA played the first-ever game of basketball. But the story is bigger than the sport - it's about inventor James Naismith his heart for service. What he teaches us:
#OnThisDay in 1777, Washington led his army into a winter encampment at Valley Forge. Why we should remember their bleak Christmas today:
CONFIRMED. The end of a long process in the Senate is just the beginning of a new chapter in Steve Grasz’s distinguished record of public service for Nebraska the nation.


#OnThisDay in 1775, we had a plan to turn stolen British guns back on the redcoats break the Siege of Boston. The only problem? They were 300 miles away, at Fort Ticonderoga. Watch the incredible story:
Today we give thanks that our country was based on the premise of religious liberty. Happy Thanksgiving.
#OnThisDay in 1863, President Lincoln spoke timeless truths on a Civil War battlefield to unite a tired divided nation around our founding beliefs. Why we need to re-read the Gettysburg Address today:
“The Day of Two Noons” happened #OnThisDay in 1883 – and it’s an incredible lesson in how businesses can drive national innovation.
The ABA isn't a neutral vetter of judges but a liberal organization that has publicly consistently advocated for left-of-center positions.
One way our office can serve veterans: helping them receive the service medals they have earned. Colin’s story:
We owe our veterans an enduring debt of gratitude, today and every day. #VeteransDay
Their stories help us understand the cost of freedom. Meet the #veterans of the NE Wounded Warriors Writing Workshop: #VeteransDay
Whether it’s helping our neighbors after a natural disaster or defending American interests, Nebraskans know that we can depend on the men women of @NENationalGuard to be there for us in our times of need. Thank you for your service.
The ABA purports to be a neutral arbiter, but is frankly twisting its ratings process to drive a political agenda. Here's how:
#OnThisDay 53 years ago, Reagan gave his famous “A Time for Choosing” speech. It still has much to say to us today.
Now that we’ve got your attention with Dr Pepper, let’s not forget the real substance from today’s hearing.
Nebraskans have no patience for improper treatment of our veterans, nor for attempts to cover it up.
We celebrate the fall of ISIS in Raqqa the liberation of the oppressed, but this is no time to let off of the gas.
Russia is a clear adversary in cyberspace and we can’t afford these self-inflicted injuries.
So, post-hack, Equifax gets $$$ in a no-bid IRS contract potentially profits selling ID protection to hack victims? We deserve answers.
The Gilmores didn’t plan to adopt. But when the opportunity found them, they jumped in: #AdoptionAngels
We are an economic military superpower trade is an effective weapon. Full statement on new North Korea
ISIS has lost ground in #Syria but we need a strategy to make sure that we don’t let off the gas.
Encouraged this year’s #NDAA includes these modest steps toward a serious cyber doctrine an agile talent pipeline.
In our constitutional system, the government is limited the people's rights are limitless. Happy #ConstitutionDay!
#NeverForget
We should fund emergency hurricane relief. We shouldn't spend other $ pretending it's emergency hurricane relief.
The Pelosi-Schumer-Trump deal is bad.
What makes Husker football great? The same things that make Nebraska great. #GameDay #GBR #Huskers
We need to have a “one cheer for politics” view of the world. Here’s what I mean by that:
Why the #MarchOnWashington, held #OnThisDay in 1963, remains one of the greatest triumphs of the First Amendment:
#OnThisDay in 1814 the British torched DC—but 2 patriots saved vital American artifacts from destruction. The story:
Eclipses are time capsules. Yesterday's #SolarEclipse2017 highlighted the incredible economic disruption innovation of the last century.
As thousands gather @HomesteadNM across Nebraska to watch tomorrow’s historic eclipse, a quick reminder to keep those bright eyes safe:
#OnThisDay in 1889, Americans raised $100,000 for the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty. Here's what that great story says about America:
A word of humble advice to our President: if you’re thinking of making a recess appointment to push out the Atty General, forget about it.
We still have a long, long way to go – both in health policy and in honesty. Full statement:
Statement on August State Work Period Delay:
Happy Independence Day to the most exceptional nation in the history of the world.
Real fatherhood isn't anything like a greeting card. We all screw up. Here's to all the dads out there who show up try again. #FathersDay
#OnThisDay in 2014, twin tornadoes ripped thru Pilger NE. Today we mourn the victims remember the volunteers who helped the town rebuild.
We celebrate the flag because it represents the American creed. Why we're thinking of @prattprattpratt on #FlagDay:
Statement on nomination of Christopher Wray to be #FBIDirector:
We honor the 160,000 troops who fought their way onto the beaches we tell the story of one Nebraskan whose work made it possible. #DDay
Thanks to Western Sugar for the tour of their Scottsbluff facility.
This weekend, we tell the story of a special Nebraskan monument to our fallen heroes. Happy #MemorialDay, and #GBR.
Graduates: congrats! You’re entering the workforce during one of history's greatest economic disruptions. Saddle up:
These heroes deserve our thanks. Honored to be a small part in sending the #HonorFlight off at 3AM.
Nebraskans don't take the land for granted. It's why we started #ArborDay.
In American politics, is it a radical idea to say that the state exists to preserve freedom? So what is so radical about @FedSoc?
If we view Russian interference through partisan lenses, they have already begun to win. Here's why:
The moment we face today is a lot like the urbanization moment of the 1890s. Can America persist in an age when we don’t know our neighbors?
Free trade benefits the whole world – but it *really* benefits Nebraska.
Decentralization of government is a good thing. Here’s why a president – from either party – having lots of power is a bad thing:
Consumers win when there is more trade. Producers win when there is more trade. We should not scapegoat trade.
Thanks to the @LiedLodge for hosting today's Stronger Economies Together (SET) 2017 Southeast Nebraska Manufacturers Summit.
RT @OWHopinion: .@SenSasse writes: In a victory for Nebraskans, Americans and limited government, #Gorsuch is on the #SupremeCourt
Good news for the rule of law: Today, Judge Gorsuch takes his black robe to #SCOTUS. #Confirmed
Highlight of the week: meeting with Macy, Nebraska’s finest legislative advocate. Thanks to @NDSS for a great #bww2017.
49 years ago today, #MLK gave his final speech. Read the full text of the speech, here - it will give you chills:
Baseball is back Judge Gorsuch is one step closer to to taking his seat on the Supreme Court. It’s a good day for America.
Let's fund life-affirming women’s health providers without sending taxpayer dollars to abortion businesses.
The simplest way for Russia to try to weaken us is by trying to exploit the places where we are already weak.
Russia's influence campaign is a really big deal. Watch below, then read this:
Overturning this rule is a win for kids, because Washington’s good intentions can’t excuse garbage rules.
Today we honor one of the most important men you’ve probably never heard of: Norman Borlaug, the ag pioneer who was born #OnThisDay in 1914.
Neil Gorsuch is a threat to you “if you breathe air or drink water”? There is a real danger in not condemning that kind of reckless speech.
Won bigly at #GorsuchHearing.
Asked Judge Gorsuch for quick overview of why we have the Bill of Rights. It’s worth watching his answer. #GorsuchHearing
Seeking assurances from judges on future rulings is like asking a referee for pledges to a certain outcome before the tip-off. #SCOTUS
In Neil Gorsuch, we have a qualified judge who knows what a judge's job is — he should be confirmed 100-0. #ConfirmGorsuch
Focused my remarks around a simple image: a judge’s black robe. Here's why Judge Gorsuch will faithfully embody the spirit of that robe:
Judge Gorsuch knows what a judge's job is. Folks across the political spectrum should be excited about him when they read his opinions.
Concerned about overreaching executives? About the lack of accountability in the administrative bureaucracies of the gov't? #ConfirmGorsuch.
Nebraskans don't take the land for granted. It's why we started Arbor Day. #NE150
A respectful ask that POTUS keep his promise to drain the swamp veto any bills that contain earmarks.​ Our letter:
Julian Assange should spend the rest of his life wearing an orange jumpsuit. This is why:
This regulation makes the assumption that DC bureaucrats are competent to micromanage teacher training programs in America. That's absurd.
Our state was built by pioneers. These homesteaders turned the “Great American Desert” into the world's breadbasket. #NE150
Full statement on Sessions recusal Senate Intelligence Committee’s Russia investigation:
Happy Birthday, Nebraska! May the legacy of the homesteaders, caretakers of the land, statesmen, and volunteers guide you forever. #ne150
Great news: The EPA’s unconstitutional water rule will die. Nebraska’s farmers ranchers won’t shed a single tear.
It was a great privilege to deliver this address. May we study together these virtues of self-government again.
RT @SenateGOP: Live: @SenSasse delivers President George Washington's 1796 farewell address, a 121-year Senate tradition.
Around 17% of Nebraskan corn is exported to Mexico. Exports are very important for Nebraska agriculture.
Nebraska farmers cannot become collateral damage in a trade war. 
Putin and his thugs are fundamentally at odds with America’s interests.
It's our constitutional duty to conduct honest congressional oversight that restores public trust in self-government
This should not be viewed through partisan labels. Congress should investigate Russia’s influence campaign in the US
This is bigger than D vs. R. The Founders' intended the check on consolidation of power to come from the other branches of government.
Here's why everyone across the political spectrum should applaud the pick of Judge Gorsuch for #SCOTUS.
The #CFPB's mission to prohibit “abusive practices” sounds great. But all that power has little accountability.
Met w/Gorsuch today. To the Chicken Littles on the other side of the aisle: he's a supremely qualified nominee.​
RT @ThisWeekABC: .@SenSasse to @GStephanopoulos: "There is no moral equivalency" between US and Putin's "murderous thugs"
Judge Gorsuch is a rockstar. People across the political spectrum should be excited about him. He's not trying to be a superlegislator.
Great to intro @USDA nominee Perdue to some of the Nebraskans whose hard work makes us the world’s breadbasket. @NEFarmBureau @NECattlemen
Judge Gorsuch is exactly the kind of person who should be on the Supreme Court. Here's why. #SCOTUS
Reintroduced Sarah's Law in the new Congress. If an illegal alien kills an American they are detained, they should be held until trial.
Grateful POTUS signed this commonsense law that taxpayers now have new tools to expose Washington’s waste abuse.
Debate with MSNBC: Anyone who is concerned about the consolidation of power in the executive branch should absolutely support Judge Gorsuch.
RT @MorningEdition: Senator Ben Sasse believes Supreme Court pick Neil Gorsuch is a "judge's judge."
Sen. Schumer is about to tell Americans that Judge Gorsuch kicks puppies heckles piano recitals. That’s hogwash.
Gorsuch is a highly-regarded jurist with a record of distinguished service, rooted in respect for the law. #SCOTUS
Statement on Border Security and Muslim Nations:
The crowd at today's #MarchforLife was so impressive, we ran up on the roof into the crowds to document it.
Tomorrow, hundreds of thousands will come to DC to #MarchforLife. But the #prolife movement is so much bigger than that. #NEWalkforLife
The CFPB is accountable to no one: which means it isn't accountable to you. It's time to fire "King Richard."
Reintroduced #BornAlive legislation today, a rare opportunity to find common ground protect newborns. #prolife
Americans are humanitarians the Mexico City Policy reflects our heartfelt compassion for both moms babies.
For the first time in 40 years, Nebraskans will have a voice on the Judiciary Committee. ​@senjudiciary
My hope for the new administration: the president succeeds in putting serious constitutionalists on #SCOTUS.
Why we celebrate Inauguration Day.
Congress has asserted its right to oversight with a big bipartisan vote: 99-0. More about our bill:
Today we remember a man of unshakeable conviction who awakened the conscience of our nation. #MLKDay
Looking forward to another great year of #NEBreakfast. RSVP for 2017 breakfasts here:
Enjoyed meeting with @RealBenCarson this week hearing his vision to reform @HUDgov. More here:
Pleased to have secured a commitment from AG nominee @jeffsessions to address Sarah's case so we can ensure killers like Mejia face justice.
It was a privilege meeting with Gen. James Mattis today and it will be a privilege supporting his nomination.
It's time to fire King Richard. Here's what's wrong with the CFPB:
"A republic, if you can keep it." A recent survey of the voting public revealed only 57% could name even one of our 1st Amendment freedoms
If politicians turn the IC’s report into a Red vs. Blue shouting match, Putin gets a free pass.
The #NEBreakfast is back. Click here to see our 2017 dates:
Grateful the new Congress is moving this common-sense solution one step closer to the President's desk.​ @USGAO
Our intel community is unparalleled in the world. We should affirm them explain why their mission is critical​.
Why #WOTUS makes me want to put a speedboat in a ditch (and film it):
Who does overregulation hurt? Those most in need of economic opportunity. The poor - they're the ones who suffer.
Merry Christmas! Today we remember a Christmas miracle that happened #OnThisDay in North Platte in 1941.
Celebrating this Omaha family’s first Christmas together. Grab some tissues read the full story: #adoption
We need to choose our foreign policy objectives in a cautious way-but if we choose them, we mean them our allies know they can rely on us.
Why federalism? Because Nebraska Vermont are different places with different people who have different values and different problems.
Happy #BillofRightsDay. Today, we celebrate that the government is limited and the people's rights are limitless.
#OnThisDay in 1799, George Washington died. His legacy of humble leadership still sets the bar.
Proud to work with @SenBrianSchatz to bring a 21st century solution to this city's 20th century approach to data.​
The "Draft Our Daughters" debate was completely unnecessary. #NDAA is a victory for common sense.
When we talk about work, trade is big topic. But it's a much smaller topic than AI or automation the transformation of the economy.
Remembering the Nebraskan victims of #PearlHarbor in a special way today. 75 years later, we will never forget you. #PearlHarbor75
RT @SenatorFischer: Watch my latest tribute to fallen #NEhero Sgt. Germaine Debro of Omaha:
