This is a long overdue rebuke from the United Nations Human Rights Council of Saudi Arabia’s atrocious record on human rights. The United States should put pressure on the Saudi regime to release imprisoned activists and end its persecution of
Puerto Rico needs food assistance funding due to the hurricanes which devastated the island. Some 1.4 million U.S. citizens will face large cuts to their food assistance benefits, 230,000 will lose the benefits entirely. We must act now to end this crisis.
We must hold Andrew Wheeler, Trump's new EPA secretary and an ex-coal lobbyist, accountable to enact bold and progressive measures to address the climate crisis.
Without new funding, more than 1 million Puerto Ricans will be impacted by cuts to their food assistance. We must address this crisis immediately and bring Puerto Rico back onto SNAP. @CarmenYulinCruz
Congratulations to UE Locals 506 and 618 for their successful effort in standing up for justice and dignity. This is a victory for workers across the country who are sick and tired of seeing their standard of living decline as a result of corporate greed.
In the United States, you should not be in danger of losing your home because you get sick. We need to take on the greed of the pharmaceutical industry and lower drug prices.
Today I introduced legislation with @NydiaVelazquez that would end unequal treatment of the territories, help Puerto Rico recover from the hurricanes and aid the most vulnerable in our society by providing sustainable economic relief going forward.
Medicare for All is the only solution to our current wasteful, for-profit health care system.
Congratulations to @BobbyScott and every Democrat on the @EdLaborCmte for passing legislation to raise the federal minimum wage from a starvation wage of $7.25 an hour to a living wage of $15 an hour.A job should lift Americans out of poverty, not keep them in it.
RT @JoseADelgadoEND: @SenSanders y @NydiaVelazquez Bernie Sanders (Vermont) presentan hoy un proyecto que persigue encaminar a Puerto Rico…
Are you a student or recent graduate? Apply for a paid internship in my Burlington or DC office. Applications are due on March 16.
40% of fast-food workers have reported experiencing sexual harassment. That is simply unacceptable.We must stand with the brave McDonald’s workers protesting today to demand the company address this epidemic of sexual harassment.
American troops have been in Afghanistan for nearly 18 years, Iraq since 2003 and in Syria since 2015.The American people do not want endless war. Congress must reassert its Constitutional authority over the use of force and responsibly end these interventions.
Americans are being forced to ration life-saving medication because Catalyst Pharmaceuticals raised the price of the drug from $0 to $375,000. That is unconscionable.
600,000 people, disproportionately people of color, were arrested for possession of marijuana in 2017.It is time to decriminalize marijuana, expunge past marijuana convictions and end the failed war on drugs.
My friend @RepRoKhanna's excellent questioning of Michael Cohen confirmed that the president is very likely a criminal.
Today’s House Oversight hearing with Michael Cohen confirms what we already knew: the president is a liar, a racist, and very likely a criminal.
I hope we will soon vote on this common-sense bill in the Senate and start to stem the tide of gun violence in this country.
5 states have now passed legislation increasing the minimum wage to $15 an hour. I congratulate the Vermont Senate for doing the same. Let's make sure every worker in Vermont and throughout the country has the right to a living wage.
Wabtec provided some $60 million in payments to the company's 20 top executives as a result of its merger with GE but is now trying to force workers into 12 hour shifts without overtime pay. That is outrageous. I stand with UE Local 506 and 618.
While health insurance and drug companies make billions in profits, thousands of Americans die each year because they lack access to health care.We must make health care a right, not a privilege. Thank you @RepJayapal for helping to lead the effort to pass Medicare for All.
Americans are sick and tired of corporate America and their wealthy CEOs ripping off working families. I'm proud to stand with the locomotive manufacturing workers of @ueunion Local 506 and 618 in their fight against GE/Wabtec to maintain decent wages and working conditions.
No surprise. Insurance and drug companies oppose Medicare for All. They make billions in profits from our dysfunctional system and pay their CEOs outrageous amounts.But we have the people on our side. They understand we must guarantee health care as a right, not a privilege.
The people of Venezuela are enduring a serious humanitarian crisis. The Maduro government must put the needs of its people first, allow humanitarian aid into the country, and refrain from violence against protesters.
.@UEUnion workers from #UE506 line up to vote to authorize a strike if necessary as negotiations with Wabtec breakdown. At stake: weekends, family sustaining wages, job security and 80 years of workers’ rights. I stand with #UE506 and working Americans everywhere.
This new rule is a disgraceful assault on women's right and an assault on millions of Americans' ability to get the health care they need. Title X funds provide much-needed family planning services for millions of people. Congress must take action to overturn the final rule.
Combined 2018 profit of Amazon, GM, Netflix Goodyear: $24.5 billionFederal income taxes paid: $0Combined federal tax refund: $275 millionOur job: Repeal all of the Trump tax giveaways to the top 1 percent and large corporations and rebuild the disappearing middle class.
This drug was free for patients just weeks ago. Now, patients around the country are rationing their medication because they have no idea how they will afford it. Meanwhile, Catalyst Pharmaceuticals is set to make hundreds of millions of dollars off their suffering.
I'm proud to stand in solidarity with the 1,700 locomotive manufacturing workers in Erie, Pennsylvania, who are fighting to keep the pay and benefits they have won as members of the UE union. Corporate executives must not use the merger between GE and Wabtec to hurt workers.
Catalyst's decision to raise the price of a life-saving drug from $0 to $375,000 is causing patients to suffer and ration their medication. Outrageous!Catalyst must immediately lower the price of Firdapse.
Why does Trump want to repeal the estate tax? Maybe because without it, a majority of the assets held by households worth $100 million or more would never be taxed. We must reduce inequality, not make it worse. Our job is to increase the estate tax on billionaires like Trump.
Artificial intelligence and robotics are positive creations of the human mind. They should be used to improve the lives of working people, not just to increase corporate profits.  Human beings must control technology, not the other way around.
Before Social Security was created in 1932, about half of seniors lived in poverty. Today, the senior poverty rate is just 8.8% and in 2016 Social Security lifted 22 million Americans out of poverty. Our job is not to cut Social Security. Our job is to expand it.
RT @seattletimes: " I’m paying more to the U.S. government for 2018 than Amazon," writes columnist Danny Westneat.
.@billmckibben, a fellow Vermonter, is a great environmental leader. He is an outstanding writer and organizer.  Thanks to Bill, and other leading environmentalists, more and more Americans are fighting to save our planet. Thanks, Bill.
Trump and his friends believe in voter suppression and billionaires buying elections. We want: Automatic voter registration The overturn of Citizens United Election day as a national holiday  History is on our side. We will win this struggle.
Let me congratulate the @fightfor15 movement for winning another historic victory.The American people understand that we must raise the federal minimum wage from a starvation wage of $7.25 an hour to a living wage – at least $15 an hour. And that is exactly what we'll do!
The current fight in DC is about more than a wall. It's about whether we are a nation of laws, where the president obeys the Constitution and democratic processes. The American people must inform Trump that we will not become an authoritarian nation.
Donald Trump may not like it, but we are not an authoritarian country. We have a constitution and separation of powers. There is no "national emergency," and Trump cannot build his wall without congressional approval.
The American people, the Congress and the courts must show Trump what the Constitution and separation of powers is about. Trump cannot declare a "national emergency" whenever he wants, and spend money on his pet project. Not gonna happen!
If you paid the $119 annual fee to become an Amazon Prime member, you paid more to Amazon than it paid in taxes. Our job: Repeal all of the Trump tax breaks for the top 1% and large corporations and demand that they pay their fair share in taxes.
While I have concerns about this bill, I supported it because I can’t turn my back on the 2 million federal employees and private contractors who would be forced again to work without pay. I am also concerned about the millions who would be denied access to government services.
There is not a "national emergency" with regard to the southern border. What President Trump is doing is unlawful and must be opposed vigorously in the courts and legislatively.
The great economic crisis we face is the grotesque level of income and wealth inequality. When so few have so much, and so many have so little, a handful of billionaires end up controlling our economic and political life. That has got to change.
Today we remember the Parkland students and teachers who lost their lives.Thank you to the young people who have courageously led the movement to end gun violence. With your leadership and the strong support of the American people we will pass commonsense gun safety legislation
I applaud my House colleagues for today’s historic passage of HJ Res 37 – ending U.S. support for the disastrous Saudi-led war in Yemen. The Senate must quickly pass this resolution and finally reassert Congress' constitutional authority over war.
Amazon made $16.8 billion in profits over the past two years but have paid ZERO in federal income taxes. In fact it got a $269 million tax refund.Our job: Demand large corporations pay their fair share in taxes so that we can rebuild the disappearing middle class.
RT @SSWorks: The Social Security Expansion Act from @SenSanders would:✓ Increase monthly Social Security benefits✓ Help low income retire…
The only way we will pass a Green New Deal and take the bold action required to combat climate change is if millions of young people stand up and demand that we rapidly transform our energy system away from fossil fuels.Thank you @sunrisemvmt for helping to lead the movement.
I will vote against William Barr’s nomination. I cannot support someone for attorney general who will not make public the full Mueller report, who opposes a woman’s right to control her own body and who supports the failed war on drugs. Mr. Barr’s nomination must be defeated.
Donald Trump made $694 million in 2016. That means he stopped paying Social Security taxes 40 minutes into the year.Meanwhile a middle-class worker paid Social Security taxes the entire year.I say to Trump: pay your fair share. Let's scrap the cap and expand Social Security.
At a time when half of older Americans have zero retirement savings, we are not going to cut Social Security, as my Republican colleagues have proposed. We are going to expand Social Security and ensure everyone can retire with dignity. #ScrapTheCap
RT @SSWorks: Today, @SenSanders @RepPeterDeFazio are introducing the Social Security Expansion Act. Social Security is the most successfu…
The American people understand that a moral society doesn't give tax breaks to billionaires and then cut back on the needs of seniors or people with disabilities, as our Republican colleagues have proposed.Today, I am introducing legislation to expand Social Security.
It is not too much to demand that in our democracy, everyone 18 years of age should be automatically registered to vote. End of discussion.
We have got to end the embarrassment of being the only major country on Earth that does not guarantee paid leave. #FAMILYAct
Our health care system today essentially says that if you happen to be poor, you are less deserving of getting care than a wealthy person. That is fundamentally immoral and that is not the kind of nation we should be.
Too many seniors are living in desperate poverty, unable to afford their medicine or basic needs. Many Republicans want to cut Social Security benefits. That's wrong. We need to expand them. Tomorrow, I will be outlining my plan to do that.
How is it that in the richest country in the history of the world, we can't afford to pay everyone a living wage? It's time to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour.
If Trump shuts down the government again, planes may not be flying. The Association of Flight Attendants believes that another shutdown would threaten the safety and security of airline passengers and employees. No more shutdowns!
What kind of economy allows for the top 0.00025% of the population to own more wealth than the bottom 150 million? A rigged economy.That is why we demand that the very wealthy and large corporations pay their fair share in taxes.
Today in 1922, researchers at the University of Toronto announced the discovery of insulin. They sold the patent for $1 so it would be available to all.97 years later, Eli Lilly is charging ~$300 and Americans die because they can’t afford their medication. Outrageous.
Watch this progressive economist @lenorepalladino explain to Trump's chief economist how large corporations use stock buybacks to enrich their shareholders at the expense of workers.
Our infrastructure is collapsing, our health care system is dysfunctional, our political system is corrupt and we have massive levels of income and wealth inequality. And Trump spends most of his time talking about a wall. It's time for a real change.
In the richest country in the world, our teachers should be the best-paid, not among the worst-paid. I stand with Denver teachers. We must invest in public education because our students and teachers deserve better. #DenverTeacherStrike
75 years ago, FDR talked about the need to guarantee every person in this country a good job as a fundamental right. That was true in 1944. It is true today.
Trump gave the top 1% and large corporations $1 trillion in tax breaks.  Now, he wants to repeal the Estate Tax and make his billionaire friends even richer. Wrong! At a time of massive wealth inequality, the very rich must pay their fair share of taxes.
We can no longer tolerate an economy and a political system that have been rigged to benefit the wealthiest Americans in this country at the expense of everyone else.
Trump is worried about America becoming a "socialist nation." That is exactly what Republicans said about Social Security in 1935 and what they said about Medicare in 1965. Guess what? These are the two most popular programs in the country.
What if, instead giving tax breaks to billionaires and massive corporations, we gave 40 million Americans a raise by making the federal minimum wage a living wage of $15 an hour?
Donald Trump rants against undocumented immigrants, and wants to spend billions on a wall to keep them out. Yet, surprise, surprise. Trump's golf clubs and resorts have knowingly hired low-wage undocumented workers for years. What a fraud!
While psychologists tell us that ages 0-4 are the most important years of human development, we have a dysfunctional childcare system which underpays staff and is too costly for working families. We need universal, publicly funded
The U.S. is the most powerful economy on earth and we must lead the world in the fight against climate change. We can do that by passing the Green New Deal to save the planet and create millions of new jobs.
Under billionaire Eddie Lampert's watch 3,500 Sears stores closed and over 250,000 workers lost their jobs. Lampert must ensure a just transition for Sears workers who lost their jobs due to his greed. Workers deserve severance pay and to have their benefits honored.
Fighting for Medicare for all will mean taking on special interests who will spend enormous sums of money to defend our dysfunctional health care system. They have the money. We have the people.
The American people are tired of a health care system that works for Wall Street investors, insurance companies and the pharmaceutical industry—but ignores their needs. They want to move to a Medicare-for-all, single-payer system.
President Trump believes we should listen to fossil fuel executives and ignore climate change. I believe we should listen to the scientists who tell us we must aggressively combat climate change and transform our energy system to sustainable energy.
Where did the money from Trump's "tax cuts for the middle class" go? To wealthy corporations who have spent $1 trillion buying back their own stock to enrich executives and wealthy shareholders. That's not acceptable.
Republicans want to cut taxes for Trump's kids and other children of billionaire families. No. It's time to enact a progressive estate tax and start investing in programs that actually help working families, not the top 0.2%.
Trump's demonization of Latinos is racist, it’s wrong and it also happens to be factually inaccurate. Undocumented Latino immigrants commit fewer crimes in America than the general public.
I agree with the joint statement from the Virginia House and Senate Democrats. Very serious and credible allegations have been made by two women against Lieutenant Governor Fairfax. He needs to resign.
President Trump. Do not shut down the government again. Another Trump shutdown would be not only harmful to our federal workers, but also to the safety and security of our nation.
Donald Trump’s relentless attacks on our political institutions not only undermine our democracy, they also embolden authoritarian leaders around the world.
I am proud to be an original co-sponsor of the Green New Deal proposal. We must address the existential crisis of planetary climate change, while at the same time creating millions of good-paying jobs in our country.
Trump's top intelligence officials, European allies, national security and nonproliferation experts: The Iran nuclear deal works.Trump: No.
Climate change is an existential disaster facing the entire world. We must transform our energy system away from fossil fuels to energy efficiency and sustainable energy. A Green New Deal can save the planet and create millions of new jobs.
No one, not even the president of the United States, is above the law.
Mr. Trump, you are dead wrong. This is not a "hot economy" when 62 percent of jobs in America cannot support a middle class life.
Millions of our people are working for starvation wages. Here is the simple truth. Nobody can raise a family or pay the rent on poverty wages of $8 or $9 an hour.We are the wealthiest country in the world. We can do better. We can raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour.
Yes, the economy is great—for the top 1 percent, who now earn 46 percent of all new income. Not for the nearly 80 percent of Americans living paycheck to paycheck.
"Our progress has always found refuge in the basic instinct of the American experiment—to do right by our people. And with a renewed commitment to social and economic justice, we will create a stronger America together." –@staceyabrams
Trump talks a lot about "freedom." But people are not truly free when they have no health care or can't afford to feed their families. They are not free when they must work 80 hours a week on starvation wages.
We have got to think big, not small. Canada guarantees free health care for all, Finland provides free tuition at public colleges, France provides generous retirement benefits. We are the wealthiest country on Earth. Why can't we do the same?
All Americans have a right to breathe clean air and drink clean water. Yet Andrew Wheeler, Trump's nominee to lead the EPA, won't commit to regulating a family of toxic chemicals found in our drinking water.
One vial of insulin cost $21 in 1996, compared to $320 in 2018. American lives are being lost because of pharma's greed. That has got to end.
Tonight, Trump repeated some of the most extreme anti-women attacks coming from the far right. At a time when we see an unprecedented and coordinated attack against a woman’s right to choose, we must fight to make sure that every woman has the right to control her own body. #SOTU
If we are serious about transforming our country, rebuilding the middle class and reinvigorating our democracy: let us bring our people together to take on and defeat a ruling class whose greed is destroying our nation. #SOTU
Trump said tonight, “We are born free, and we will stay free.”I say to Trump: People are not truly free when they can’t afford health care, prescription drugs, or a place to live. People are not free when they cannot retire with dignity or feed their families. #SOTU
Tonight Trump—who in less than two years in the White House has seen 5 aides either plead guilty or be convicted of criminal charges—claimed the strength of the economy was dependent on him being free from necessary oversight and investigations. The exact opposite is true. #SOTU
How can a president of the United States give a State of the Union speech and not mention climate change? #SOTU
Despite what President Trump says, it is not “a hot economy” when 43% of households can't afford to pay for housing, food, child care, health care, transportation and a cell phone without going into debt. That is not a hot economy. #SOTU
My response to President Trump’s State of the Union address:
Now that that’s over, please watch my friend Stacey Abrams share her message for the country.
Fox News can't believe their own poll says people want to tax the rich. The truth is: The overwhelming majority of the American people want the wealthy to pay their fair share.
Let me guess. President Trump tonight will talk about crimes committed by undocumented Latinos. Do you think he will mention the mass shootings done by white men, or the need for common sense gun safety legislation?
Will Trump talk about climate change in his State of the Union address tonight?
Lloyd Blankfein, the former CEO of Goldman Sachs, is correct that the money from stock buybacks “doesn't vanish.” It increases the wealth of billionaires like him. Instead of making the very rich even richer, how about increasing wages for American workers. Is that a bad idea?
Today, we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major nation, our child care system is dysfunctional, our teachers are underpaid and many public schools are struggling. We need to invest in our kids, not a wall with Mexico.
Republicans officials don't push the myth of voter fraud because it is an actual problem. They push it to maintain the racist voting laws that have kept them in power for generations. The real problem we face is voter
It was a Republican president — not Bernie Sanders — who first argued for the creation of a progressive estate tax to reduce the enormous concentration of wealth. Mitch McConnell might want to listen.
Congratulations to New Jersey and @GovMurphy for signing a bill today to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. Now we must ensure a livable wage in all 50 states.
.@SenSchumer and I are here to say: corporations must address the needs of workers before the interests of wealthy stockholders. Our bill will prohibit corporations from buying back stock unless they invest in workers and communities first.
Instead of wasting billions on a wall with Mexico, tax breaks for billionaires and a bloated military budget, we need to end childhood poverty, rebuild our crumbling infrastructure, combat climate change and invest in our kids and seniors.
Today on Rosa Parks' 106th birthday we must do more than just remember her lifetime of organizing. We must honor her by working to fulfill her vision of racial, economic and social justice.
RT @SenSchumer: At a time of huge income and wealth inequality, Americans should be outraged that profitable corporations are laying off wo…
Stacey Abrams is a great choice to deliver the Democratic response. I'm very much looking forward to her speech.For the third year in a row, following the Democratic rebuttal I'll be on Facebook Live, Twitter and YouTube to respond to Trump.
Walmart’s decision to provide 48 hours of paid sick leave to some employees is a small step forward, but not nearly good enough. This is not a poor company. Walmart can and must pay all of its workers at least $15 an hour with good benefits.
Three people own more wealth than the bottom half of our country. 25 hedge fund managers earn twice as much as all 140,000 kindergarten teachers. One family (Kochs) spent $400 million to buy elections. That's why we need a political revolution.
RT @mdb2: ️buy a decades-old drug️raise the price by $375,000️promise shareholders millions️hope you get away with itThe business…
I stand with @transportworker fighting to keep us safe and to keep airline mechanics jobs in America.
RT @CNN: Sen. Bernie Sanders sent a blistering letter to a pharmaceutical company on Monday, demanding answers about its decision to charge…
RT @nytopinion: .@SenSchumer @SenSanders argue that when corporations dedicate so much of their resources to buying back shares, they res…
Instead of repealing the estate tax and giving a massive tax cut to the Walton family and Kochs as Mitch McConnell and Trump want to do, let’s substantially increase this tax on multi-millionaires and billionaires and reduce wealth inequality in America.
Walmart is spending $20 billion on a share repurchase program.With a fraction of that amount, Walmart could have raised hourly wages of every employee to $15.Corporations should address the needs of workers before the interests of wealthy stockholders.
Today, I am demanding that Catalyst explain why they raised the price of this drug by $375,000. No one in the United States of America should die because they cannot afford the medication they need.
Catalyst Pharmaceuticals raised the price of a life-saving drug from $0 to $375,000.Now patients are worried they are going to suffer or even die because of the greed of a drug company.If Catalyst does not substantially lower the price of this medication, Congress must act.
Let's not kid ourselves. What we have today is a campaign finance system that amounts to legalized bribery.
Remember when Trump promised that his tax giveaway to the rich would put an extra $4,000 into the pockets of middle-class families?The reality: bonuses for average workers are up by just two cents an hour since Trump’s tax plan was signed into law. Two cents.
Every other major country has made the morally principled and financially responsible decision to make health care a right to all of their people. Those who say this goal is unachievable are selling the American people short.
Gov. Northam should resign. Lt. Gov. Justin Fairfax should step in and begin a new day for Virginia.
After 35 days of pain and suffering for federal workers and contractors during the Trump shutdown, what's the first thing that the GOP leadership decides to do? Make the wealthiest families in America even richer.
Trump’s withdrawal from the INF treaty is dangerous and irresponsible. We should strengthen these treaties, not end them. We should invest in our children, our seniors and our working families, not in an incredibly expensive arms race.
The grotesque level of wealth inequality, from a moral, economic and political perspective, is the great challenge we face. We cannot have a vibrant democracy or a just economy when so few have so much, and so many have so little.
Pharma companies lied about the addictive impacts of opioids, yet not one of them has been held fully accountable for this crisis.We have got to start punishing their greed and recklessness which is killing tens of thousands of Americans every year.
Trump and McConnell believe—at a time of obscene inequality—that they need to help out the richest 0.2% of Americans by repealing the estate tax.I have a better idea: raise the estate tax so that billionaires pay their fair share.
Under billionaire Eddie Lampert's watch 3,500 Sears stores closed and over 250,000 workers lost their jobs. Lampert must ensure a just transition for Sears workers who lost their jobs due to his greed. Workers deserve severance pay and to have their benefits honored.
The American people do not want endless war. It is the job of Congress to responsibly end these military interventions and bring our troops home, not to come up with more reasons to continue them.
According to my Republican colleague, corporations are people who can have unlimited influence in our elections. But if you're a low-income worker in Kentucky, we shouldn't make it any easier for you to vote.
Our infrastructure is collapsing. Teachers are underpaid. Veterans sleep on the streets. Families can't afford child care.But, according to my Republican colleagues, one of our highest priorities must be to give hundreds of billions of dollars to a few billionaire families.
It is not just a coincidence that 46% of all new income is going to the top 1%. That is the result of an economy that is rigged in favor of the wealthy.
I say to Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump: Instead of repealing the estate tax, let’s substantially increase this tax on multi-millionaires and billionaires and reduce wealth inequality in America.
RT @washingtonpost: Bernie Sanders to propose dramatic expansion in estate tax on richest Americans, including 77 percent rate on billionai…
Incredibly, Republican leaders in the Senate have introduced a bill to repeal the estate tax for the richest 1,700 families in America. That's absurd.From a moral, economic and political perspective our nation will not thrive when so few have so much and so many have so little.
Our bill only applies to the richest 0.2% of Americans. It would establish a:-45% tax on estate values $3.5M to $10M-50% tax on estate values $10M to $50M-55% tax on estate values over $50M-77% tax on estate values over $1 billion
The fairest way to reduce wealth inequality, invest in the disappearing middle class and preserve our democracy is to enact a progressive estate tax on the inherited wealth of multi-millionaires and billionaires.Today I'm introducing a bill to do
RT @RepJayapal: We are witnessing the worst humanitarian crisis of our generation in Yemen. It’s time to stop stoking the flames of this un…
Somehow, we have billions of dollars available for more jails and incarceration, but we "can't afford" to provide kids with the college education they need to survive in modern America. That doesn't make any sense to me.
Billionaires and huge corporations should not be allowed to use loopholes and tax havens to avoid paying their fair share. At a time of massive global inequality the very wealthy should be paying more in taxes, not less.
RT @Public_Citizen: .@SenSanders: Our immediate job is to end the terrible war in Yemen. But the time is also long overdue for Congress to…
When Yemenis see “Made in USA” on the bombs that are killing them, it tells them that the USA is responsible for this war.This is not the message we should be sending to the world. Congress must end support for the catastrophic war in Yemen led by a despotic Saudi regime.
RT @ElizLanders: .@SenSanders reintroducing (with House and Senate colleagues) legislation to end the US involvement in the war in Yemen- S…
RT @RepRoKhanna: The U.S.-Saudi campaign in Yemen has triggered the world’s worst humanitarian crisis. More than 14 million Yemenis - half…
The Saudi-led war in Yemen has been a humanitarian and strategic disaster. 85,000 children have starved to death. Today my colleagues and I are reintroducing our resolution to end U.S. support for this war and reclaim our constitutional authority.
After Trump shut down the government for 35 days the first bill Sen. McConnell introduced wasn't to provide back-pay to 1.2 million federal contractors.It wasn't to guarantee health care or lower drug prices.It was to repeal the estate tax for the 1,700 wealthiest families.
The racist and homophobic attack on Jussie Smollett is a horrific instance of the surging hostility toward minorities around the country. We must come together to eradicate all forms of bigotry and violence.
We have a rigged tax code that has essentially legalized tax-dodging for large corporations and the world's wealthiest individuals. It is time to end these egregious loopholes and make the wealthy pay their fair share.
Ending the estate tax would give a tax break of up to $63 billion to the Walton family and $39 billion to the Kochs—but $0 to 99.8% of Americans.At a time of record inequality, the very last thing we should do is line the pockets of the
This billionaire thinks a high marginal tax rate on the rich has never worked in any country, ever. Has he heard of the United States of America?
Trump on his tax cuts: "It’s gonna be a tremendous thing for the American people. It’s gonna be fantastic for the economy."The reality: A windfall for massive corporations and billionaires. No major impact on job growth or investments in the US economy.
If we think big, not small, we can end the grotesque level of income and wealth inequality, guarantee health care for all, have a livable minimum wage and make public colleges and universities tuition-free. The struggle continues.
While I do not support the BDS movement, we must defend every American’s constitutional right to peacefully engage in political activity. It is clear to me that S.1 would violate Americans’ First Amendment rights.
As a nation we have a choice: are we going to join every other major country and make health care a right? Or will we continue to allow insurance and pharma companies to make huge profits off of people's suffering?
I do not believe that men and women fought and died for our right to vote so that billionaires could buy elections. We must move to real campaign finance reform and public funding of elections.
In the year 2019, no one in America, especially those working for profitable corporations with billionaire CEOs, should be living in poverty or struggling economically.We must raise the minimum wage to a living wage—$15 an hour.
Mr. President. 800,000 federal employees and their families are human beings, not your play things. Do not treat them with contempt and disrupt their lives. They have kids. They have needs. Do not shut down the government again.
Our infrastructure is crumbling. Instead of building a wall on the Mexican border, we should create millions of good-paying jobs rebuilding our roads, bridges, water systems, wastewater plants, schools, airports and affordable housing.
When an undocumented person commits a murder, Trump talks about it incessantly. When, in 2017,  a white guy like Stephen Paddock kills 58 people in Las Vegas and wounds 851, Trump has very little to say.
Today, on Holocaust Remembrance Day, we pledge to never forget the 6 million Jews murdered by Hitler. At a time of increased tribalism and  xenophobia, we must recommit ourselves to fight against all forms of bigotry and intolerance.
Young people all over the world are demanding action on climate change, like @GretaThunberg, who had the courage to demand that the world’s corporate elite do their part to address this global crisis.
Read this piece from @NickKristof about Saudi human rights activist Loujain al-Hathloul, who has been detained and tortured by the Saudi regime. The U.S. must push for rights activists to be freed and the regime held accountable.
At a time of massive wealth and income inequality, when the 3 wealthiest people own more wealth than the bottom half of our country and 46% of all new income goes to the top 1%, Americans want the rich to pay their fair share of
“We can decide to fight for real labor law in this country with the fundamental principle that if you go to work you get paid. And you have the right to strike if you are not given that.” –@FlyingWithSara, President of Association of Flight
Thank you air traffic controllers, flight attendants, federal workers and contract employees for standing up for your rights, holding rallies, organizing and sharing  heartbreaking stories over the past 35 days. You are the reason that the government shutdown finally ended.
RT @cspan: .@SenSanders: "I think the time is long overdue for the American people to tell this president he is not a dictator, he is not a…
President Trump shut down the government, held 800,000 federal employees hostage and disrupted vital federal services for absolutely nothing. Pathetic!
How pathetic. On Dec. 19, the Senate unanimously passed essentially the same legislation that we will vote on today. We are back to exactly where we started. Thank you, Mr. President, for shutting down the government and holding 800,000 federal employees hostage. All for nothing!
The Constitution and federal law bans indentured servitude. That means no worker, including federal employees, should be forced to work without getting paid. Trump's anti-worker government shutdown is an ugly attack on the working class of this country.
RT @Ilhan: Thank you @SenSanders for calling attention to the #StopLine3 movement. This is not just an environmental issue, it's an indigen…
Mr. President. Your shutdown is not only hurting federal employees and people who need government services, it's now impacting the general public and the whole economy. End your shutdown now. Pay federal workers.
Today, six Republicans had the courage to stand up to Trump and vote with Democrats to end the shutdown without spending billions on an unneeded wall. The ball is now in Mitch McConnell's court. He must stand up to Trump and put federal employees back to work.
“They’re using us as a bargaining chip.”“I feel as, I think many people do, a bit like a pawn.”“Holding federal employees hostage is not the way to do it.”President Trump, listen to federal workers. End the shutdown!
But we must learn the lessons of the past and not be in the business of regime change or supporting coups—as we have in Chile, Guatemala, Brazil the DR. The US has a long history of inappropriately intervening in Latin American nations; we must not go down that road again. 3/3
The United States should support the rule of law, fair elections and self-determination for the Venezuelan people. We must condemn the use of violence against unarmed protesters and the suppression of dissent. 2/3
The Maduro government has waged a violent crackdown on Venezuelan civil society, violated the constitution by dissolving the National Assembly and was re-elected last year in an election many observers said was fraudulent. The economy is a disaster and millions are migrating. 1/3
Once again, it is clear that a majority of Americans support an agenda which calls for economic justice. Increasing the minimum wage to $15 an hour would give a pay raise to 40 million Americans. Let's do it.
The dangerous Line 3 pipeline in Minnesota would send a million barrels of tar sands oil—the dirtiest fossil fuel in the world—through the headwaters of the Mississippi River, tribal treaty lands and sacred wild rice beds. It must be stopped. #StopLine3
Trump’s shutdown is forcing furloughed workers to choose between paying for rent or chemotherapy.That is not a choice anyone in the wealthiest country in the history of the world should have to make.Mr. President, stop holding federal employees hostage. End the shutdown now.
Every two days last year, a multi-millionaire in the world became a billionaire. It's called a rigged global economy and this is how it works.
Billionaires like Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and Trump may not get it, but It's not complicated. Federal employees go to food banks because they have to feed their kids, and they can't do that without a paycheck. Mr. President. End the shutdown you created.
President Trump, you want to talk about a crisis? 7 million Americans have become uninsured since you took office. The uninsured rate is the highest in 5 years.We must end the embarrassment of being the only major country not to guarantee health care for all. #MedicareForAll
Trump stated loudly and clearly: "I am proud to shut down the government." Now, Mr. President, with 800,000 federal employees struggling to pay their bills, end the crisis you created. Pay federal employees. Open the government.
Congratulations to LA teachers for leading this country forward to ensure that all our children get a quality education. When we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish.
The economy is "booming" for Trump and his billionaire golfing buddies at Mar-a-Lago, but for the 80 percent of workers who are living paycheck to paycheck, this is not an economy to be proud of.
If Trump were serious about protecting our national security, he would recognize that climate change is not a "hoax" and is already causing destruction and instability worldwide. The time for bold action is now.
The bad news: We have just 11 years to take bold steps to rapidly transform our energy system to sustainable energy if the planet is going to remain habitable.The good news: We can revitalize our economy and create tens of millions of jobs in the process.
Today, 46 years after Roe v. Wade, abortion is a right in name only for millions of women in America. Our job: do everything we can to protect and expand reproductive rights and access to abortion across the country.
Discrimination has no place in our military or society. It is my hope that this temporary ruling will not be the final outcome. We must stand with trans service members. Trump's efforts to divide us will not succeed.
We must stop incarcerating millions of Americans and funding militarism, and end racism in the criminal justice system and in the voting booth. Our attention should be on lifting up all Americans.
Trump says he supports the working class. Really? Today, as a result of his cruel government shutdown, 800,000 federal workers worry about how they will feed their kids, pay their mortgages or see a doctor. Mr. President. End the
9 years ago the disastrous Citizens United decision opened the door for billionaires and corporate interests to buy our elections.To restore our one person, one vote democracy, we must pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United and stop the slide to oligarchy.
