I am lucky that I've always been surrounded by great, inspiring women, be it in my family, my friends, my colleagues, staff, or constituents. This #IWD, take a moment to recognize the incredible contributions women make across Pennsylvania and the country.
Here's something that both sides agree on. The medical device tax harms patients, American jobs, medical innovation. Glad to work w/@SenAmyKlobuchar 18 other Rs and Ds to finally repeal the medical device tax once for all.
Kim Jong-un's regime is a threat to the U.S. and our allies in Asia. @ChrisVanHollen and I joined @mitchellreports to discuss our bipartisan BRINK Act, which gives foreign banks and companies a choice: continue business with N.K. or maintain access to the U.S. financial system.
RT @NBCSPhilly: After years of speculation and preparation, the Phillies have finally landed their superstar.Phillies finally agree to de…
.@phillydotcom “…he sexually assaulted a child after being released from local custody in Philadelphia.” Philly’s extreme sanctuary city policy made this crime possible. It’s time to end dangerous sanctuary city policies.
A bipartisan majority voted tonight to ensure care is given to infants who survive botched abortions. Sadly, a minority of senators justified blocking the bill by saying it limits access to abortions, which isn’t true. It's about babies, who are born alive, deserve protection.
Currently there aren’t federal protections for infants who survive botched abortions. My @SenSasse's bill ensures living, breathing babies who survive botched abortions get the same medical care as any other child. Read our op-ed in @GoErie about this:
Encouraging news from @POTUS that progress is being made in a trade deal with China. Hopefully this leads to an agreement that stops China’s theft of US intellectual property and avoids a full blown trade war.
American consumers have paid $13B billion in tariffs, i.e. taxes, on imported steel/alum, and goods from China. They've doled out another $7.7B to farmers hurt by this trade war. Farmers don't need handouts; they need this trade war to end and better access to foreign markets.
Inspiring visit with @CityMission1941 in Washington County yesterday. The City Mission is helping to save lives from heroin addiction and give those who’ve fallen on hard times a second chance.
Great to be in Washington County this morning visiting City Mission and talking with local leaders about how we can continue to work together to stem the tide of the opioid crisis.
RT @THON: The total for THON 2019, Shape the Moment is... $10,621,683.76
Clearly there was no serious attempt to curb Washington’s addiction to spending. Instead, this bill adds to our mounting debt, and I could not support it.
#ValentinesDay is the sweetest holiday there is. What's not sweet is the U.S. sugar program, which forces Americans to pay 2X more for sugar than the rest of the world. It's bad for consumers the 40,000 Pennsylvanians who work in sugar-using industries. We need reforms now.
I have a #TradeValentine for all of you. If trade wars are good and easy to win,And tariffs are leverage to bring more trade in,Why are we still taxing Canadian steelAnd depressing our exports via retaliation?
My statement on the confirmation of Bill Barr to be the next United States Attorney General:
It is time for Congress to pass the PACT Act, which protects animals from the barbaric, disgusting act of crushing. Proud to be working with @SenBlumenthal, the @HumaneSociety, and law enforcement to end this horrifying practice once and for all.
A refund amount isn’t the same as your overall tax liability. The facts are clear: #TaxReform is putting more money in the pockets of Americans — just like we expected.
“In my state of PA, since NAFTA was signed, we have quintupled our exports to Mexico.” Good talking trade, border security, gun safety, foreign policy w/ @camanpour today. Check out the whole interview here or catch it on your @PBS affiliate tonight.
Last year, 110 lbs of illicit fentanyl was seized at the Philly Port - enough to kill every Pennsylvanian twice. I'm working with @SenDougJones, @JimPressOffice, @GerryConnolly on a bipartisan solution to stem the flow of this deadly drug.
It was great meeting with AG nominee Bill Barr today. He will do a terrific job in heading up the DOJ and I look forward to supporting his nomination soon.
RT @TariffsHurt: WATCH LIVE: At 12pm EST, a bipartisan group of US senators, #smallbiz, farmers, retailers manufacturers from across the…
My #SOTU statement:
I’ll be attending @POTUS' 2nd #SOTU this evening. Working together, we’ve accomplished a lot for our country over the past two years, including enacting policies that have resulted in the best economy in my adult life. I’m eager to hear @POTUS’ vision for the year ahead.
.@POTUS has made a great choice in nominating David Malpass to lead the World Bank. He is a great economic mind and has served effectively in his role at @USTreasury. I am confident he will do the same at the World Bank.
RT @Eagles: Congratulations to Chris Long, the @Nationwide Walter Payton Man of the Year!#WPMOY | #FlyEaglesFly
Happy #GroundhogDay! Happy #GroundhogDay! Happy #GroundhogDay! Happy #GroundhogDay! Happy #GroundhogDay! Happy #GroundhogDay! Happy #GroundhogDay! Happy #GroundhogDay! Happy #GroundhogDay! Happy #GroundhogDay!Happy #GroundhogDay! Happy #GroundhogDay!
The admin's decision to withdraw troops from Syria endangers U.S. interests, could bolster terrorists groups rogue nations. @ChrisVanHollen I call on the admin to provide us with a strategy in Syria that ensures American interests aren't compromised.
RT @dcexaminer: Business groups urge Congress to rein in Trump's tariff powers
That's why I'm partnering w/ @MarkWarner, @SenSasse @SenatorHassan to restore Congress's constitutional responsibility on trade. I'm urging all my colleagues to join this bipartisan effort. More here:
Tariffs are taxes. The bogus pretext of ‘national security’ for taxing imported steel aluminum was a misuse of authority that ended up hurting American consumers and workers.
RT @byrdinator: Per release, Pat Toomey, Ben Sasse, Mark Warner and Maggie Hassan are introducing a revamped Section 232 bill that builds o…
John Vatavuk was a great ambassador for Somerset Co. He fought hard for the recent improvements to Rt. 219 and tirelessly supported efforts to honor 9/11 heroes in the naming the commissioning of the USS Somerset. Condolences to his family friends.
The Nazis killed six millions Jews and took the lives of millions more across Europe during the Holocaust. #WeRemember this atrocity both to honor the memories of those who were murdered, and to ensure that such barbarity never happens again.
I hope Democrats, who promised to negotiate in good faith if the government were open, will now compromise with the president so the country can put this frustrating episode behind us.
As I have said all along, the obvious, necessary resolution is a compromise that improves border security – including physical barriers where they make sense – and delivers on some Democrat priorities, too.
I am glad the government is reopening and 800,000 federal employees are getting paid. Over the next three weeks, the president and Congress will have an opportunity to craft a workable solution.
I hope today’s votes will bring Speaker Pelosi and Democrats to the table so there is an agreement that reopens the government, secures the border, and allows federal employees to return to work with pay.
Speaker Pelosi has, thus far, refused to negotiate and my Democratic colleagues, just today, went so far as to block efforts to pay Coast Guard members and other federal employees who have been working without pay.
In a compromise, neither side gets everything they want and both sides get something they want. There is a deal to be had here that improves border security - including physical barriers where they make sense - and delivers on some Democrat priorities, too.
As I have said all along, the obvious, necessary resolution is a compromise. I am willing to compromise. In a compromise, neither side gets everything they want and both sides get something they want. I am willing to compromise.
I hope today’s votes represent modest progress toward ending this partial government shutdown. These votes demonstrate that neither the president’s proposal nor the Democrat proposal have enough support to pass Congress.
Congratulations to Sai Mamidala of Delco Samuel Weissman of Montco for being named 2 of the 40 finalists in the @Regeneron Science Talent Search, the oldest most prestigious science math competition for high school seniors. You both make PA proud!
Senator Harris Wofford served his country honorably in the armed forces, as a member of Congress, and as a civil rights leader. My condolences go out to Senator Wofford’s family and friends.
Dr. King committed his life to ensuring that liberty is colorblind. He believed one should be judged on their character, not the color of their skin. Thanks to his devotion, wisdom righteousness of cause, much progress has been made, but there's still work yet to do. #MLKDay
The Senate will vote on this sensible plan next week. Speaker Pelosi should allow the House to do the same.
The president’s offer, which is based on the bipartisan BRIDGE Act introduced by Senators Lindsey Graham and Dick Durbin – who serves as the number two Democrat in the Senate – would provide legal status to DACA recipients for three years.
Now, President Trump is offering Speaker Pelosi and the Democrats a top legislative priority of theirs in an effort to end this partial government shutdown.
President Trump's request for $5.7 billion in border security funding is reasonable and certainly deserved a counter proposal, at the very least. But Speaker Pelosi has refused to​ negotiate.
Having served with @SenAngusKing for several years now, I have no doubt he’ll overcome this newest challenge. I wish him a full and speedy recovery.
It was a pleasure to meet with President Walton of @CheyneyUniv today. I'm grateful for excellent educators like President Walton who devote their lives to ensuring the next generation of Pennsylvanians are better off than the ones that preceded them.
Thank you to everyone from Pennsylvania and across the United States who has traveled to DC to attend today’s #MarchForLife. Every human life is a sacred gift from God, and we must continue our fight to protect the rights of the unborn. #WhyWeMarch
Every time we can’t agree on a funding bill, our constituents government employees bear the brunt of the dysfunction. I'm backing 2 bills that provide pay to federal employees who've been working without pay while also preventing future shutdowns. More:
Saddened to hear of Jack Bogle’s passing. He was both a pioneer in the financial industry and hailed by those who knew him best as a generous and caring man. My deepest condolences are with his family, friends and loved ones.
See my statement below on the continued violation of human rights by Chechen officials against individuals due to their sexuality. Read more:
Mark Calabria is a well-respected economist who has been a trusted voice on housing markets for many years. He is an excellent choice to lead the Federal Housing Finance Agency, and I was glad to meet with him to discuss his plans to create a healthier housing market.
While I appreciate @USTradeRep creating an exclusion process for its third list of 301 tariffed-products, my hope is the administration and China reach an accord that ends this incipient trade war and rescinds the tariffs.
Today is National Human Trafficking Awareness Day. Thank you to the national PA groups that are working to #EndTrafficking. To get help from the National Human Trafficking Hotline: 1-888-373-7888 or text HELP or INFO to BeFree (233733).
Congress should be reasserting its constitutional responsibility on trade, not yielding even more power to the executive branch. 
Today is National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day. Take a moment to reflect on the immeasurable sacrifice police officers and their families make every day in order to keep our communities safe.
I look forward to attending the Farm Show every year - it's one of my favorite events. It's full of great people, great food, and opportunities to learn about Pennsylvania's agriculture industry. Thanks to everyone who put on this year's show, can't wait to go back next year!
Next week, my Harrisburg office is moving from the federal building to Strawberry Square. Full details here:
Incredible team win by the Champs. Looking forward to a rematch in New Orleans next Sunday. Go Birds! #FlyEaglesFly
The economy is the strongest it’s been in decades. Over 300,000 new jobs in December, wages are growing at their fastest rate in years, people who had given up hope in finding a job are rejoining the workforce. #TaxReform regulatory relief are working!
RT @PhillyPolice: Our thoughts and prayers are with  Highway Patrol P/O Andy Chan who was seriously injured in a vehicle crash this evenin…
Congrats to all the PA members being sworn in today, including my Senate colleague, @SenBobCasey and the newly elected House members: @RepSusanWild, @reschenthaler, @RepMGS, @Meuser4Congress, @RepChrissyPA, @mad4pa, and @JohnJoyceForPA. I look forward to working with you all.
Wishing everyone a very happy, healthy and prosperous #NewYear!
As family, friends and loved ones gather around our commonwealth to celebrate the birth of our Lord, I wish all who are celebrating a very Merry Christmas. May your day be merry and bright!
Happy #Festivus! After you set up your metal pole, watch my interview on Meet The Press. As always, air your grievances in the replies.
RT @MeetThePress: WATCH: Sen. Pat Toomey (R-Pa.) tells Chuck Todd that Congress has a duty to act as a check on the president at times. #MT…
When President Obama prematurely evacuated American forces from a stable Iraq, we got ISIS. President Trump should not make the same mistake in Syria.
Last night, I voted in favor of a bipartisan criminal justice reform bill, the First Step Act, see my statement below.
First Step Act contains good provisions to improve the CJ system + public safety. But it didn’t do enough to help victims of crime b/c Dems blocked my amdt to stop lawmakers’ raid on the Crime Victims Fund. Victims must get the money they're owed. More:
Today, I met with John Persinger Matt Wachter from Erie to hear how they are using the Opportunity Zones created by #TaxReform to promote investment in their city. Read about their visit here:
The executive branch cannot unilaterally withdraw from NAFTA. @GeorgeWill explains why, and focuses on my efforts to reassert Congress’s trade powers in his column. Check it out here:
Mick Mulvaney is as smart and sharp as they come. He’s done a great job at OMB and @CFPB. @POTUS will be well served by his counsel, and the White House staff by his leadership.
The bipartisan Amy, Vicky, and Andy Child Pornography Assistance Act ensures victims have access to full and fair restitution. Read about this new law, and my efforts to get it across the finish line, in the @mcall:
Sexual exploitation of children is amongst the most abhorrent of crimes. Enactment of my bipartisan bill w/ @SenOrrinHatch @SenFeinstein means victims get better access to full fair restitution. Read more about our measure in the @PittsburghPG:
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman is responsible for the murder of journalist Jamal Khashoggi. The Senate just unanimously passed @SenBobCorker’s resolution to condemn MBS for his actions and urge a diplomatic solution to the conflict in Yemen.
RT @USNationalGuard: For 382 years, your National Guard has been Always Ready, Always There to answer the call from their state and our nat…
RT @ONDCP: On Thursday, more than 80 locations across Pennsylvania will be giving out Naloxone for FREE as part of  @PAHealthDept’s #StopOv…
Proud of bipartisan work w/ @SenFeinstein @SenOrrinHatch to stand up for exploited children. The Amy, Vicky, Andy Child Pornography Victim Assistance Act ensures that victims of this heinous crime receive fair + full restitution from their abusers.
About to go live on my 57th telephone town hall! Join me:
This afternoon at ~4:30, I'll be holding a telephone town hall, already my 57th! These town halls are a great way for me to hear directly from you. I hope you'll join me then. Follow this link to listen in:
Tax reform and a booming economy are helping General Carbide in Westmoreland County add 100 good-paying jobs and finance a $14 million expansion. I was glad to be there yesterday for this fantastic announcement. Read about my visit:
Tomorrow at ~4:30PM, I'll be holding my 57th telephone town hall. I’ll be taking questions from folks around the state and discussing the issues that matter most to you and your family. I hope you'll join me! I’ll post details tomorrow morning about how to join.
My statement on @POTUS’s intent to nominate Bill Barr to be our next Attorney General:
77 years ago, our nation was thrust into the depths of war after a surprise attack on #PearlHarbor took the lives of more than 2,400 innocent Americans. Let us never forget the brave men and women who perished that day, nor those who answered the call to duty in its wake.
Today we honor the life and legacy of George H.W. Bush – a true American patriot.You can watch the state funeral live here:
Too many Americans die from heroin laced w/ Chinese fentanyl. I appreciate @POTUS working w/ China to crack down on production of all fentanyl-like drugs. Now let’s pass my bill w/ @SenDougJones punishing countries that don’t enforce controls on fentanyl.
Today we mourn the loss of another brave Pennsylvanian, Sergeant Jason McClary who laid down his life in defense of our nation. May he rest in peace.
The proposed #USMCA includes provisions that diminish trade between US, Canada, Mexico. I want to work with @POTUS to make changes that address these flaws. Hear more on trade the administration's handling of Saudi Arabia/Jamal Khashoggi from my hit on @JERonFNC this weekend.
Tonight, as families light the 1st candle on their hanukiah, I wish everyone in the Jewish community a very happy #Hanukkah.
President George H.W. Bush was a great American patriot, dedicated public servant, tireless humanitarian, and a caring family man. Kris and I join the nation in mourning President Bush’s passing and send our condolences to his family.
However, it also affords the Senate an opportunity to have a broader debate concerning the appropriate balance between our values and maintaining our national security based relationships.
This does not mean we can ignore atrocities committed by the governments of our allies. Today’s procedural vote will rightfully prompt further conversation on the murder of Jamal Khashoggi and our relationship with Saudi Arabia.
As a great nation, we are challenged to maintain both our security and our values. Sometimes, our national security interests require us to work with regimes, like that of Saudi Arabia, that do not share our values and our views on human rights.
Staff Sergeant Dylan Elchin was an American hero. All of Pennsylvania joins with his family, friends, and loved ones in mourning his loss.
Enjoyed catching up with an old friend, and one of the newest members of the Senate, @MittRomney! Looking forward to working together in the new Congress.
Took a moment this morning to send holiday cards to our brave men and women deployed overseas. They and their families make extraordinary sacrifices for our nation, including spending holidays apart. Thank you @RedCross for organizing this effort!
Congratulations to the newest member of the Pennsylvania delegation, @WildForCongress. I look forward to working with you in the new year.
About to go live on my 56th telephone town hall! I hope you'll join me:
This afternoon at ~4:00, I'll be hosting my 56th telephone town hall. These town halls are a great way for me to hear about the issues that matter most to you. I hope you'll join me then. Follow this link to listen in:
Working w/ @SenDougJones @SenatorCarper to review @CommerceGov’s laborious and sluggish exclusion process for steel aluminum tariffs. These tariffs, i.e. taxes, are hurting American workers employers.
Tomorrow at ~4:00PM, I'll be holding my 56th telephone town hall, where I'll take question from folks around the state and hear about what issues matter to you. I hope you'll listen in and participate. I’ll post details here tomorrow AM about how to join.
Today, families, friends and loved ones are gathering around the country to give thanks. I wish everyone a very happy #Thanksgiving, and hope that you each have much to be thankful for this year.
Check out my @WSJ op-ed on why I believe @POTUS should work with congressional Republicans to fix the flaws in the USMCA, and then ratify it this year:
OTDIH,1863, President Lincoln delivered the Gettysburg Address, a speech that defines his presidency even to this day. In 272 words, Lincoln captured the essence of the bravery and sacrifice of those who perished fighting for the Union, and what their sacrifice meant for us all.
Congrats to Congresswoman @MaryGayScanlon. Wish you the best as you join the House of Representatives.
Today, we also recognize the 100 year anniversary of the WWI armistice. The “Great War” was one of the largest wars in history. We must never forget the immense tragedy suffered in the war, the lessons learned in the victory, or the mistakes made in the short peace that followed.
Each of us stands atop the shoulders of the brave men and women, past and present, who've donned the uniforms of our nation's fighting forces. This #VeteransDay, and every day, we thank each of them for their bravery, sacrifice, and service on behalf of a grateful nation.
Republicans Democrats must stop talking past one another concentrate on how we can improve gun safety laws to ensure people who shouldn't have access to firearms are unable to obtain them. The victims wounded from the tragedy in CA the 1st responders are in my prayers.
Throughout his career, Attorney General Sessions has tirelessly worked to uphold the rule of law and keep our communities safe. I look forward to President Trump nominating a new Attorney General who is equally committed to the rule of law.
I thank my friend and colleague Jeff Sessions for his dedicated service as Attorney General. He is a credit to the Department of Justice and the United States Senate.
Today, @PhillyPolice Officer Paul Sulock was shot in the leg during an altercation. After he was wounded, Officer Sulock still pursued and apprehended a suspect. This is an incredible show of bravery. Wishing Officer Sulock a swift and full recovery.
Last night, hundreds came together in Allentown to remember those who were senselessly murdered at the Tree of Life Synagogue. It was an honor to join people of various faiths and backgrounds to pray, mourn, and to stand up against anti-Semitism and hate.
How tasty is PA's candy industry? It’s un-boo-lievably sweet! PA candy makers generate ~$850M in wages, over $5.5B in economic output! With numbers like that, I don’t need to sugarcoat what candy means to PA. This Halloween, enjoy some of PA's favorite treats!
Last evening I attended a beautiful vigil for those lost at Tree of Life Synagogue. Today, the hearts of all Pennsylvanians are with Pittsburgh. Together, we will rise above this act of hate.
My staff and I will remain in contact with law enforcement and local officials over the course of coming days.
My prayers are with the victims, their families and friends, the members of the Tree of Life Synagogue, and the city of Pittsburgh. I greatly appreciate the actions of the first responders who tended to the wounded and apprehended the shooter.
Synagogues and other places of worship are safe havens where communities come together to celebrate, pray, and reflect. What happened today at the Tree of Life Synagogue was a cowardly act of violence fueled by hate and anti-Semitism.
RT @billpeduto: A hotline has been established for victim family members 412-432-4400 - a center has been set at Chatham University - 106 B…
Synagogues places of worship are safe havens where communities come together to celebrate, pray, reflect. The horrific events that transpired at Tree of Life Synagogue are heartbreaking. I'm monitoring the situation. My prayers are w/ the victims, their families, friends.
While in DuBois last week meeting with the hardworking employees of Paris Companies, I was thrilled to hear how #TaxReform has been a "game changer." Read more about my visit:
The US economy is now stronger than it has been in over a decade. Since July, #GDP has grown 3.5%, outpacing projections. This is due in large part to policies implemented this Congress like #TaxReform and cutting excessive red tape:
I’m a gun owner support 2A. I believe that background checks for commercial gun sales don't infringe on your 2A right. They help keep guns away from criminals. I talked more about this with a @TIME-@JRart joint project called "Guns In America." 
Today's attempted acts of domestic terrorism are unconscionable. Political violence of any sort is unacceptable, period. I'm grateful to those who stopped the attacks before they could be carried out, that no one was harmed. The perpetrators must be brought to justice.
There hasn’t been one issue I've met with more Pennsylvanians about than opioid abuse. I'm working with both GOP and Dem colleagues to stop the flow of deadly fentanyl into our country and to end this epidemic.
As the first female SCOTUS Justice, Sandra Day O'Connor is a trailblazer who inspired millions. With Justice O'Connor stepping back from public life, I thank her for her service to our nation wish her the best in her fight against dementia.
Last week I sat down with @TheSentinelPA to discuss my efforts in support of Pennsylvania's agriculture industry and curbing the opioid crisis. Read more:
#TaxReform is helping Paris Companies in DuBois purchase new equipment and invest more in their workforce. It was great visiting one of Paris’ facilities this morning.
NAFTA has been an economic boon for PA. The new NAFTA could build on this success, but first we should fix its big flaws. Learn more in my interview w/@69News:
Free trade is not theft. Hear more about my views on NAFTA 2.0 and a better approach than tariffs for trade with China. Watch my AM hit on @SquawkCNBC:
Great to see @Pirates legend Roberto Clemente, who was such a positive role model for so many, chosen by @GoogleDoodles to represent #NationalHispanicHeritageMonth.
China’s illicit acts must be confronted, but tariffs – i.e. taxes - only end up punishing American consumers, employers, and workers. I’m calling on the admin to exempt PA companies from these new costly taxes.
PA is home to nearly 60,000 farms. Thanks to hardworking farmers across the commonwealth, agriculture is a major economic driver for PA. This #NationalFarmersDay, we recognize the great Pennsylvanians who help to feed our families and the world!
RT @marklevinshow: Enough with liberal ethanol policy — and now expansion!  US is energy independent thanks to fracking. Stop this welfare…
Expanding sale of E15 gas w/o meaningful reforms for U.S. refining sector is a missed opportunity, legally dubious, does nothing re: high compliance costs from RFS, threatening 1,000s of PA jobs at Philadelphia Energy Solutions Monroe Energy.
I am grateful for Ambassador Haley’s service and look forward to President Trump nominating someone who shares her approach to representing American interests at the U.N.
Ambassador Haley also diligently worked to hold belligerent nations like Syria, Iran, Russia, and North Korea accountable for violating U.N. rules, human rights, and international norms.
Ambassador Nikki Haley has done an exemplary job serving our country at the United Nations. She demonstrated strong American leadership on the global stage and reaffirmed our commitment to our top allies like Israel.
Last week, my office partnered with @LVC on a great event to help inspire public service in the next great generation of Pennsylvanians. These students will be the future leaders of Pennsylvania. Read more about our youth symposium in the @LDNews:
3/3
2/3
1/3 My statement on Judge Brett Kavanaugh:
The last time U.S. unemployment was this low – Neil Armstrong walked on the moon, the Beatles Elvis had 5/10 pop songs of the year 1969. The policies reforms we've passed this Congress are putting more money back in your pocket, more Americans back to work.
Today, Congress took another important step forward in fighting the horrendous opioid crisis. Learn more about the sweeping bipartisan legislation we passed today:
Was nice to meet Chris Muth from Chester Co. today. Chris his business partner Ryan started a pocket square company, Rex Riccardi, recently won a national business competition! PA's future is bright thanks to young talented entrepreneurs like Chris.
Yesterday, my office helped to recognize a group of Korean War Veterans at an event in York County. I'm incredibly honored my office could help thank these selfless Americans for serving their country and securing freedom for millions of Koreans.
This past June, 110lbs of illicit fentanyl was found in barrels shipped from China to Philly. Enough to kill every Pennsylvanian twice. @DelcoTimes has more on my work w/@SenDougJones to stop China others from sending deadly fentanyl here.
Correctional officers should be able to defend themselves from the criminals who wish to attack them. Modifying existing rules to permit them to carry a firearm while they commute to and from work would  certainly go a long way to achieving this goal.
The murder of Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati underscores the danger that correctional officers face every day. With this verdict, justice was served for Lt. Albarati’s family, but more can and should be done to try and prevent future tragedies like this one.
Illicit fentanyl can be 50X as potent as heroin. A tiny amount can kill a person, including 1st responders who may be exposed when attending to an OD victim/crime scene. In Delco, I spoke about my bill w @SenDougJones to keep fentanyl out of the US. More:
Multiple people reportedly have been shot in Fayette County, including a Masontown police officer. I ask everyone to join me in keeping each of the victims in your thoughts.
Wishing all those observing Yom Kippur an easy fast and a good and sweet year.
Far too many Pennsylvania families have directly felt the wrath of the opioid and heroin crisis. The Senate just passed a bipartisan bill to tackle the issue, including a provision I wrote to reduce repeat overdoses. Read more:
231 years ago today, our forefathers gathered in Philadelphia to sign the United States Constitution, the framework for the greatest experiment in self-governance the world has ever known. #ConstitutionDay
Mike Pintek was a terrific guy and I always enjoyed our lively conversations. @KDKARadio will not be the same without him. My deepest condolences to his family, friends, and loved ones.
Today, we honor and remember those we lost seventeen years ago. We must never forget that terrible day, nor the countless acts of selflessness and bravery that would come to represent our national resolve. God bless the memories of those who perished, and God bless America.
To everyone celebrating #RoshHashanah, wishing you a good and sweet year.
Judge Horan’s intellect, experience, character make her well-suited to serve as a U.S. District Judge for the Western District of PA. I am pleased that Judge Horan was confirmed by the Senate am confident she will serve the people of Pennsylvania well.
Each September, we celebrate Labor Day to recognize the unparalleled contribution America's workforce has made to our national prosperity. I wish everyone a happy and healthy Labor Day, a time to enjoy the company of family, friends, and loved ones. #LaborDay
The ITC’s ruling to end this financial burden on publishers across Pennsylvania is the right one.
An unnecessary tax on newsprint could have been a death knell for many jobs in the newspaper and publishing industries, both of which are already facing significant challenges.
As such, I’m pleased to see the U.S. International Trade Commission has unanimously ruled against the administration’s harmful tax on newsprint imported from Canada.
American companies must be allowed to adequately and fairly source materials, especially when those items are not produced in sufficient quantities domestically.
Just heard @CommerceGov approved 1 of @CP_Industries' tariff exclusion petitions. I was happy to back a SWPA manufacturer its workers on this effort. On behalf of the remaining 37 PA firms harmed by these taxes, I urge the Dept. to redouble its efforts:
Taxes on imported steel are hurting construction of the Shell cracker plant in SW PA. This project supports thousands of high-paying jobs and econ growth in the region. @SecretaryRoss must exempt US firms from these harmful taxes and quotas.
Senator McCain led a life that should be admired and respected by all Americans. I am proud to have called him a friend. Kris and I send our deepest sympathies to Cindy and the entire McCain family.
And for more than thirty years, Senator McCain fought for Arizonans in the Senate. Most importantly, Senator McCain was not afraid to fight for what he thought was right, even when it was unpopular.
But most of all Senator McCain was a fighter. He fought for his country in Vietnam. He fought for his brothers in arms while being held as prisoners of war.
Today is a sad day for the Senate and America. Senator John McCain was a hero and one of our nation’s greatest patriots.
POTUS’s taxes on imported steel are hurting econ growth job creation. That is why I sent another letter to the Admin listing 37 PA firms harmed by these unnecessary taxes. I will continue working w/ my colleagues to restore Congress's trade powers.
My prayers are with John, and the entire McCain family right now. I wish them all peace and comfort in this most difficult time.
I was humbled to attend the Medal of Honor ceremony for Tech. Sgt. John Chapman, who gave his life in 2002 serving our country. We must never forget the sacrifice armed services members make to defend the freedoms liberties we hold most dear.
In case you missed it, @DCExaminer profiles my work to expand prosperity for all Pennsylvanians and my role in the biggest legislative issues of this Congress.
A huge congratulations to Johnstown's own Martella's Pharmacy baseball team who are the 2018 @aaababaseball Champions! With a 3-2 win over the New Orleans Boosters, Johnstown won it’s first championship in the tournament's 74 year history!
Had a great time traveling through the western part of the state this week. During stops in Warren, Forest, Venango, and Mercer Counties, I had the chance to talk to a lot of great community leaders about issues facing their citizens.
While in Berks Co. yesterday, I stopped by to speak to the folks at @ReadingEagle. I enjoyed our wide-ranging conversation, which touched on everything from Judge Kavanaugh to common-sense gun reform. Read more about our conversation-
Pennsylvania lost a great man with the passing of Gerry Lenfest. Through his work and generosity, Gerry left an indelible mark on Philadelphia and our entire commonwealth. His contributions are rightly, universally admired. My condolences to his family, friends, and colleagues.
Join me for another telephone town hall beginning ~4:30. Questions or comments can be left below, or at this link—where you can also listen in:
Barring votes, I’ll be hosting a town hall at ~4:30 today. Be on the lookout for details about how to participate. Feel free to leave questions in the comments below.
I'll be hosting another telephone town hall tomorrow at ~4:30 PM. These town halls are a great opportunity to hear what issues matter to you, and share the latest on what I'm working on down in D.C. Details to come.
I look forward to following Judge Kavanaugh’s confirmation hearing and I intend to support his nomination when it comes to the Senate floor.
I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will give Judge Kavanaugh fair consideration so that Republicans Democrats can work together to confirm this highly qualified jurist.
Judge Kavanaugh understands that the proper role of a judge is to apply neutrally the law, including the U.S. Constitution, as written, not to decide cases based on personal or partisan policy  preferences.
I was very pleased to meet with Judge Kavanaugh this morning. Based on my review of his record and our conversation, it is clear to me that Judge Kavanaugh has the character, intellect, experience, judicial philosophy to be an outstanding Supreme Court Justice.
Eliminating tariffs and breaking down trade barriers between the US and the EU would enhance our bilateral trading relationship and make both our peoples more prosperous. I support @POTUS and President Juncker's efforts to make this a reality.
ICYMI: I joined @mitchellreports on @MSNBC today to discuss the bailout for farmers who’ve been hurt by the administration’s misguided trade policies. Watch:
The U.S. Department of Agriculture is trying to put a band-aid on a self-inflicted wound. The administration clobbers farmers with an unnecessary trade war then attempts to assuage them with taxpayer handouts. This bailout compounds bad policy with more bad policy.
Putin’s attempts to undermine our elections should be continuously met with swift strong repercussions by Congress/White House. Read letter from @ChrisVanHollen me urging @USTreasury to take action against the 12 Russians indicted by @TheJusticeDept:
Vladimir Putin those acting at his direction meddled in our 2016 presidential election. Accordingly, @USTreasury should again exercise the tools it has at its disposal penalize those identified as carrying out this attack on our country.
Happy #NationalPennsylvaniaDay! Check out this list of 9 reasons Pennsylvania rocks the U.S. Capitol:
Monitoring the situation at Letterkenny Army Depot in Franklin County. My staff and I have been in contact with the @USArmy and are awaiting more information. My thoughts are with those who are injured, their families, and the entire Letterkenny community.
Link to join my teletown hall here:
I've been hearing from a lot of constituents this week on everything that's going on in Washington. Setting up a teletown hall this AM to speak with you about news from D.C.. We'll go live ~10:50, link to come soon. Will also take Qs from Twitter and Facebook.
.@POTUS' blindness to Putin’s hostile acts against the US and our allies—election meddling included—is very troubling. Please read my statement in reaction to today’s Helsinki press conference:
Absent his cooperation in achieving that justice, the United States should impose tough new sanctions on Russia.
Putin insists that the Russian government has nothing to do with meddling in our elections. In that case, he should not object to the hackers recently indicted being brought to justice.
it’s clear that Putin is a bad actor and should be treated as an international pariah.
