Arkansas’s non-land-grant colleges do an excellent job of preparing students to succeed in a modern agricultural economy. Pleased to join Dr. Burcham and Dr. Miller to discuss ways to continue improving their university programs.
Opioid overdoses have taken far too many American lives. I joined Walmart Pharmacy to discuss policies that will increase access to treatment preventative services for those fighting addiction.
Thanks to representatives from the Arkansas Association of Area Agencies on Aging for their service and commitment to providing affordable living options for elderly Arkansans.
Nearly 82,000 Americans remain missing from past wars. We should honor their memory by requiring the POW/MIA flag to be displayed whenever the American flag is displayed on prominent federal properties.
The Special Diabetes Program has contributed to significant advances in prevention studies and treatments for type 1 diabetes. Thankful for the opportunity to meet with @JDRFAdvocacy to discuss new developments for those living with #T1D.
To every servicemember military family dealing with unacceptable on-base housing conditions: You are entitled to swift assistance without fear of retaliation. Your service chief agrees.
Arkansas students ought to be able to learn in a safe classroom environment. Arkansas’s American Institute of Architects joined me to discuss how we can design schools to make them safer for our children
Happy to have Isabelle and Sojas in D.C. to participate in the U.S. Senate Youth Program. Year after year this important program attracts the best and the brightest Arkansas has to offer and these two impressive young students are no exception.
Watch live: @SASCMajority hearing on providing safe military housing and infrastructure to service members and their families.
Always a pleasure meeting with @ArkWaterways. The projects the commission manages help keep our state waters navigable and open for trade.
Osteopathic medicine continues to promote public health and encourage scientific research to benefit Arkansans. I appreciated learning more about the future of osteopathic health care from Arkansas medical students.
Congratulations to the USMS, U.S. DA @cody_hiland, Police Chief James Smith, others for a successful operation in Helena-West Helena yesterday. Their brave efforts will go a long way in keeping residents safe and curbing violence in the delta.
I’m grateful @LupusOrg stopped by to talk about the pioneering research initiatives at @NIH, @DeptofDefense, and @CDCgov, which improve the lives of those living with Lupus.
Good government starts at the local level. Enjoyed the discussion with @75arcounties on infrastructure improvement and local government initiatives.
Great conversation with @mssociety about funding for MS research and access to affordable, quality health coverage. We can do more to help those struggling with this unpredictable, disabling disease.
In my meeting with the board members of the St. Francis Levee District, we discussed various ways to keep their projects moving forward. The work they do is critical for flood control in eastern Arkansas.
This year commemorates the 40th anniversary of the Taiwan Relations Act. The U.S. is fortunate to have a long-standing partnership with the stable democracy of Taiwan. Today, Taiwanese Ambassador Stanley Kao and I celebrated the bond between our countries.
CIA Director Haspel confirmed to me that the Kurds are currently holding ISIS terror masterminds and bomb makers. We should send the worst of these barbarians to Guantanamo Bay to ensure they can’t hurt anyone ever again.
Loans put big purchases within reach for middle-class Americans, whether they’re buying a dishwasher or a house. But PACE loans are different—they’re making life less affordable for many Americans. @CFPB’s new rules must stop that. END/
PACE loans also get priority over others debts, w/ the taxman serving as debt collector. The PACE lender gets its taste before federal finance agencies or anyone else. No other loan can do this.
PACE loans are odd b/c the lender doesn’t have to confirm you make enough money to afford the loan. They just check the value of your home. Can’t come up w/ the money later? That’s OK. You’ll lose your home the PACE lender will take its cut from the sale price.
PACE loans are paid through your property taxes. And they typically have higher interest rates than normal home loans. So some Americans get blindsided months later by tax bills they can’t afford.
Here’s how it works: A PACE lender comes to your door says you can lower your electricity bill right now by signing on the dotted line. But wait, there’s more…
PACE loans are unlike any other type of loan on the market. Financiers are essentially tricking people—especially seniors—into unaffordable, decades-long loans to pay for solar
In response to my legislation, yesterday the government announced it is drafting rules to protect Americans from PACE loans, a uniquely predatory form of green-energy financing. This is great
Predatory lenders have tricked seniors other vulnerable citizens into taking out high-interest loans for green-energy appliances using their homes as collateral. Today the @CFPB rightly took the 1st step to protect consumers from this terrible practice.
The Assad regime must pay a heavy price for kidnapping American citizens, including Arkansan Majd Kamalmaz. I commend @StateSPEHA and @RepFrenchHill for their continued work to bring these Americans home. #FreeMajd
Today I introduced the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier Centennial Commemorative Coin Act, which would direct @USTreasury to mint coins for the Tomb's 100th anniversary. The coins will honor unknown soldiers who perished and the Sentinels who protect the Tomb.
Taiwan remains a strong democratic partner of the United States. I join my colleagues in urging @POTUS to send a top-ranking official to Taiwan to represent our nation's commitment to the Taiwanese people.
Thanks to @NationalSheriff, @FAIRimmigration, and @NumbersUSA for their support of Singh’s Law:
This week I spoke on the Senate Floor in honor of two Medal of Honor recipients who recently passed away. Joe Jackson and Charles Kettles were real-life American heroes the courage bravery they displayed during the Vietnam War will never be forgotten.
Great spending time with Fraternal Order of Police members from North Little Rock. I’m grateful for their sacrifices to keep our communities safe in Central Arkansas.
The North Koreans bring nothing to the negotiating table but stalling tactics for their nuclear program and ill will toward America. The president saw a bad deal and he walked away from it.
The Little Rock Garden Club illustrates why Arkansas is known as the Natural State. Enjoyed our discussion about conservation.
Discussed new education programming and public safety initiatives with @AETN. Their hard work keeps Arkansans informed.
9/11 first responders were there for us in our greatest time of need. Washington must be there for them now as they fight the illnesses that continue to impact their community. I’m proud to support legislation to reauthorize the 9/11 Victims Compensation Fund. #Renew911VCF
Corporal Singh was killed in the line of duty his alleged murderer is an illegal-alien gang member. To honor his sacrifice, I introduced a bill that would ensure illegal aliens with gang affiliations criminal convictions are removed from the country
Residential PACE loans are a scam. The @CFPB should follow the law and take action to protect homeowners from these predatory lenders.
RT @CR: RIP, Corporal Singh.@SenTomCotton is introducing a bill to make it easier and not even a question to deport illegal alien CRIMINA…
Proud to join @SenWhitehouse, @teammoulton, and @RepPeteKing to introduce the ALS Disability Insurance Access Act. Those who suffer from ALS endure enough pain, and they shouldn't be subject to the usual waiting period for disability benefits.
Dr. Anthony and Athena Davis of Davis Neurology stopped by yesterday to discuss NIH’s work in developing treatments for patients with complex neurologic conditions @AANMember .
Met with @UAMS @UALR @ArkansasState @UArkansas @UAPBinfo researchers to discuss EPSCoR’s notable contributions to the growth of our state’s research infrastructure.
Hostile powers once used the Golan Heights to attack Israeli citizens. Iranian shock troops and their terrorist proxies want to do so again. It's time we officially recognize what’s already true in practice: Israel’s undeniable sovereignty over the Golan.
It was a pleasure to sit down with Arkansas members of the @AmericanLegion to discuss our shared belief that our military deserves the best training, equipment, and leadership in the world.
The DRIVE-Safe Act will allow skilled drivers under 21 to pursue commercial trucking as a career and help fill the thousands of commercial trucking jobs that go unfilled each year .
Great news!! Congratulations to Searcy!
Honored to meet with Arkansas members of the Disabled American Veterans. Veterans have sacrificed life and limb for our country. Now we must equip the VA with the necessary resources to provide mental health treatment and improve suicide prevention programs. @DAVHQ
My thanks to the men and women who serve in U.S. strategic and nuclear forces. They’re the best insurance policy we have against another major power war, and have helped keep the peace for decades.
As promised, I followed up on my @EPAAWheeler meeting in the attached letter with @JohnBoozman @rep_stevewomack concerning the fire in Bella Vista. The health and well-being of Bella Vista residents is my primary concern.
.@JohnBoozman and I introduced a bill that prevents illegal aliens from taking jobs meant for American workers and legal immigrants while ensuring employers have the tools they need to certify a legal workforce. MORE about mandatory E-Verify:
Enjoyed seeing AIPAC National Board member Kevin Pailet and discussing how we can continue to strengthen the U.S.-Israel relationship and combat the anti-Semitic BDS movement. The work @AIPAC does educating members of Congress is more important than ever.
Always enjoy meeting with the Arkansas School Nutrition Association. Without healthful filling school lunches, our children can’t learn grow.  I will keep working with @USDA to give our schools flexibility in providing meals for students.
My statement on the the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act vote:
Today my colleagues and I sent a letter to @SecretaryPerry and @SecNielsen asking them to protect our critical infrastructure from potential cyberattacks by banning the use of inverters made by Huawei.
Maduro is desperately clinging to power, but his death squads and authoritarian backers in Moscow, Havana, and Beijing cannot stop the change that is underway. The Venezuelan people want freedom, and they will not be cowed.
Huawei and ZTE pose a serious national security threat. They’re Trojan Horses for the Chinese Communist Party, and the free world should stand together in blocking them from our critical infrastructure.
Kelly Knight Craft has honorably served our country as the ambassador to Canada. She will be a strong advocate for America's interests on the world stage as U.N. ambassador.
My statement on Thermo Fisher’s decision to stop selling genetic-sequencing devices in Xinjiang, China:
The Congressional Budget Office confirms what we knew all along – the Obamacare mandate was a cruel fine on those who couldn’t afford the very insurance Obamacare made unaffordable. More than 60,000 Arkansas families will benefit from not having to pay this tax.
The Manhattan Institute helped save New York City in the ‘90s. Today its conservative solutions can help the whole country, @Reihan is the right leader to help them do it.
Congrats to @RazorbackBSB on their walk-off victory today to sweep opening weekend! #WPS #RoadToOmaha
One of the great honors in my job is helping veterans and their families get these medals back, ensuring that the government has recognized their service. Robert Hick's decorations are now where they belong, with his wife Helen and the rest of his proud family.
Despite that, our office worked with the Army and the NPRC, and Robert's decorations are now where they belong, with his wife Helen and the rest of his proud family.
It was a privilege to meet the family of Robert Hicks in El Dorado today. An Army veteran, Mr. Hicks earned several medals in WW II, but the records proving that fact had burned in a fire at the National Personnel Records Center (NPRC) in 1973.
Organ donors make an extraordinary sacrifice so someone else can have a new chance at life. My colleagues and I introduced a bipartisan bill that would protect organ donors and promote organ donation in three low-cost ways.
My statement on the Senate vote on the spending bill:
Stopping terrorists over there stops them from coming here. My gratitude to U.S. and NATO forces holding the line in Afghanistan.
The United States stands with our partner India as it recovers from a terrorist bombing in Kashmir. Jaish-e-Mohammed and its state sponsors must face consequences for this attack.
JROTC provides students with discipline, confidence, skills they will carry with them throughout their lives. That’s why @SenDougJones I introduced a bill to ensure homeschoolers can participate in this important program.
Arkansan Brandy Dailey stopped by yesterday and told me all about her time as an intern for the Council for Opportunity in Education. Brandy, it was great to meet you and best of luck with your future endeavors!
Today I met with Kathy Hall, an Angel Mom whose daughter was killed in a hit-and-run by an individual unlawfully present in Arkansas. These cases are tragic and they are all unnecessary. This is another reminder of why we need to enforce our immigration laws.
This week @SenJoniErnst @SenToomey and I introduced the PACED Act which would help end patent abuse and make prescription drugs more affordable for Arkansas seniors.
The large Marshallese community in Northwest Arkansas is a constant reminder of the close relationship our nation shares with the Republic of the Marshall Islands. This resolution celebrates the bond our countries share and the need for our two nations to keep working together.
Honoring our fallen soldiers means honoring the family members who lost their loved ones. That’s why I introduced a bill this week that would designate March 2, 2019 as Gold Star Families Remembrance Day.
Exciting developments and growth for @NWACC. Always enjoy hearing about the new opportunities and partnerships our schools are building together with their communities.
RT @RSI: .@SenTomCotton @SenJoniErnst @SenToomey Introduce the Preserving Access to Cost Effective Drugs (PACED) Act
Now that Mr. Wheeler knows the full extent of the problem, I’m hopeful that the EPA will continue to explore all possible options to help the state of Arkansas and the town of Bella Vista.
From kids not being able to play outside to folks developing respiratory problems, I told him that my greatest concern was the public health of Arkansans.
During my meeting yesterday with Acting EPA Administrator Andrew Wheeler, we discussed how difficult the Bella Vista fire has made life for local residents.
Today I along with @SenJoniErnst @SenToomey introduced the PACED Act which would help end the patent abuse that is raising prescription drug costs for Arkansas seniors.
RT @SpecialOlympics: Health Messenger Steph Price, @SOArkansas, advocating to @SenTomCotton on why #InclusiveHealth is so important. #SOHil…
RT @SOArkansas: Thank you @SenTomCotton for taking time to hear about the impact  Special Olympics programs have on athletes like Steph! #S…
Thank you for your help!
. @Conway_Chamber stopped by to discuss infrastructure, trade, manufacturing, healthcare, education, and other matters. Conway’s rapid growth is good news for Arkansas, and I’m looking forward to watching them continue to flourish.
China has been put on notice. Actions have consequences.
@SenatorShaheen Thank you for your help.
RT @SenatorShaheen: Louie, I just mailed you a letter from New Hampshire. Thinking of you and your family. You are not alone in this fight.…
@SenJohnThune Thanks for your help.
RT @SenJohnThune: On it, @SenTomCotton. Louie, I’ll help you check South Dakota off of your list. Sending prayers and good thoughts your wa…
@SenJohnHoeven Thanks for your help.
RT @SenJohnHoeven: Sending prayers—and a letter from #NorthDakota—to Louie.  Our thoughts are w/ him his family.
Can we help him get letters from the states he is missing? @SenatorLeahy @RonWyden @SenCapito @SenatorHassan
Special Olympics athletes like Stephanie Price and her team members are an inspiration to us all, and I’m proud to support this wonderful organization. Thanks to Stephanie for sharing her story with me (and for this commemorative pin!)
Praying for Louie and his family. @SenSanders @SenatorShaheen @SenJohnHoeven @SenJeffMerkley @SenJohnThune @JoeManchinWV Can we help him get letters from the states he is missing?
America will always honor servicemembers who fall defending our flag. That means honoring families who carry on their memory, and the sorrowful burden of life after the death of a loved one.
“Bei­jing’s cen­sor­ship is like its pol­luted air, he said: ‘You’re in it and it seems OK, then you leave and you re­al­ize how bad it was.’”
I look forward to speaking with @EPAAWheeler this week and giving him a firsthand account of the fire in Bella Vista that’s causing major problems for Arkansans.
Thank you Andy Davis, Hayley, and the Carsons for stopping by while in town for the National Prayer Breakfast. Hope you enjoyed your time in DC.
The stump dump fire in Bella Vista has burned for months. The federal government must work with the state of Arkansas to end this environmental catastrophe. I'll make sure Andrew Wheeler the acting EPA Administrator knows the full extent of the problem Arkansans are facing here.
Started out the day at JB Hunt in headquarters in NW Arkansas talking about economic growth and creating jobs in Arkansas.
China’s brutal persecution of the Uighurs does not stop at its borders--the regime even terrorizes defectors in the Free World. China must face consequences for its reprehensible behavior, as I laid out in remarks @HudsonInstitute:
Last night I was back in the company of fellow soldiers at The Old Guard, 4th Battalion Ball. Thanks for the invitation—America esteems your service more than you could ever know.
Military Technicians at the 189th Air Wing at Little Rock AFB play a critical role in US national security. Thank you all for your service and sacrifice.
Marcy Doderer Rosi Smith dropped by to discuss the innovative ways in which @archildrens is improving health for children across the state. Thank you for your invaluable service to Arkansas.
Today my colleagues and I sent a letter to Speaker Pelosi urging her to invite Tsai Ing-wen, the President of Taiwan, to address a joint session of Congress. This invitation would justly reward a key democratic ally of the United States.
Maduro relies on Cuban military and intelligence forces for his safety. He has flown in Russian mercenaries. He doesn’t trust his own military because he no longer has legitimacy. It’s time for Maduro to return control of the country to the people of Venezuela.
Yesterday @ZOA_National President Mort Klein, Chairman Mark Levenson, and I had a good discussion about the Senate’s ongoing efforts to combat the anti-Israel BDS movement and the importance of U.S. recognition of Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights.
I spoke with the engineering educators from @UofA_Engr @UALREIT and @ArkansasState about the impact federal grants have created for engineering programs statewide. We also discussed keeping faculty members aware of the security risks when dealing with China.
Thankful the family of officer Garry Collins stopped by my office. Collins sustained a serious injury during a struggle with a violent drug offender and was medically retired after 20 years of service.
“Evil”—Detaining torturing up to 2 million Chinese Uighurs in re-education camps.“Empire”—China’s plan to dominate Asia economically militarily. Feel free to read my whole speech about China’s Evil Empire:
Rank is not the final measure of service to this country. The Full Military Honors Act would allow all Medal of Honor recipients and former prisoners of war to receive a full military honors burial ceremony with an escort, regardless of rank.
RT @HudsonInstitute: .@SenTomCotton: "There is perhaps no greater threat to freedom today than the communist regime in Beijing."
This is the twenty-first century rope that capitalists will sell to hang themselves.  And it ought to be a lesson to companies like Google, which is performing cutting-edge AI research in China and contemplating even greater investment in that country.
Additionally, we must stop our own companies from helping China build this new Evil Empire. Companies like Thermo Fisher Scientific, which sells the DNA sequencers China uses to build genetic dossiers on its ethnic minorities.
1984 may be 35 years in the past now, but for China, 1984 is still the future.
They’re also an assault on the American-led world order, and a disturbing premonition of an alternative world order—one controlled by the Chinese Communist Party and one that ends in Room 101.
Make no mistake: The brutal police tactics in Xinjiang are not just an assault on that province’s native people, although they’re surely that.
Today the Chinese government is purging every vestige of its subjects’ freedoms at home to pave the way for its economic, military, and political expansion abroad. China has a plan for the world, and it’s as concrete as the prison cells where it keeps dissenters.
RT @HudsonInstitute: Happening now → @SenTomCotton delivers remarks on China’s Dystopian Experiment in Xinjiang.
More Americans died from drug overdoses last year than died in the entire Vietnam War. I am thankful for the chance to meet with Wes and Lyonette from the Arkansas Narcotics Officers Association yesterday and discuss how we can work together to fight this epidemic.
Yesterday Dr. Joseph King and I discussed the exciting developments @LyonCollege. Looking forward to  seeing their growth continue to benefit Batesville and the independent college community in Arkansas.
My statement on the State of the Union:
Wes Baxter is a leader in the fight against dangerous drugs like fentanyl, both in his community Jonesboro and across the state. I'm pleased to have him as my guest at this year's State of the Union.
Nice to see the friendly faces of the Arkansas Rural Water Association today in my office.
Proud to support Bill Barr's nomination for Attorney General. Mr. Barr has a long and distinguished record of public service and I thank him on behalf of Arkansans for once again answering the call of duty for our nation.
I’m pleased that DOJ heeded my recommendation last year to compel Chinese communist propaganda outlets to register as agents of foreign influence. CGTN and others now have to show their true colors.
I always enjoy when the Arkansas rice farmers have their annual fly-in in DC. We had a great conversation about Arkansas agriculture and trade issues.
Good visiting with Arkansas Nurse Practitioners to discuss their role in providing high-quality, patient-centered care to Arkansans. Your work makes an incredible difference. Thank you @AANP_News for stopping by.
Today I questioned General Votel during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing about the fight against ISIS.
I joined @hughhewitt to discuss the president's success in rallying the civilized world into recognizing Juan Guaidó as Venezuela's interim president.
The Venezuelan people are in the streets more countries are recognizing the legitimate leader @jguaido. Pressure is mounting on Maduro's stolen government. 
My home state, Arkansas, is fighting a drug war on multiple fronts againstmethamphetamine, prescription drugs, and heroin. Arkansans like Wes Baxter Lyonette Carpenter are the front line in this war.
Narcotics officers are the American people’s most loyal and underappreciated defenders. They are criminals’ staunchest foes. And too often, they are drug abusers’ only hope for survival.
Honored to receive the National Narcotics Officers Association Coalition “Member of the Senate” award this morning and to see Lyonette and Wes, two champions in the fight against drugs in Arkansas.
I look forward to speaking this morning with the Narcotic Officer’s Associations’ Coalition. I’m thankful for the dangerous and necessary work that these brave officers face every day.
Nice win! #WPS
Beautiful day for the races at Oaklawn. Thanks to Lou Cella for the tour the story behind the statue of Triple Crown winner American Pharoah.
Moscow has long deployed intermediate-range, ground-launched missiles capable of striking the heart of Europe. Today we are finally adjusting old policies to meet new threats posed by rivals like Russia and China. -
In July 2017, I asked our country to adapt our current commitments to our current needs in regards to protecting our national security. Today we proved the United States is willing to do what it takes to secure our interests. -
In October 2016, I continued to advocate for the United States to take action against Russia’s violations of the INF Treaty. Yet the Obama administration was not prepared or willing to act.
In March of 2015 I warned of Russia’s blatant violations of the INF Treaty. Today I support @RealDonaldTrump and @SecPompeo’s decision to withdraw the United States from the INF Treaty.
I'm grateful to the Arkansas National Guard for being the watchful eyes above our southern border. @arkansasguard just helped arrest four dangerous drug traffickers hiding in camouflage.
RT @jensstoltenberg: Russia is in material breach of the #INFTreaty must use next 6 months to return to full verifiable compliance or b…
I have long advocated that the United States bring Russia back into compliance with the INF Treaty or leave it altogether. My statement on Secretary Pompeo’s announcement:
Glad to meet with @ChildrensHomes and proud to sponsor the State Flexibility for Family First Transitions Act, which would support states like Arkansas in providing effective child welfare services. I appreciate all the great work Children’s Homes does for Arkansans in need.
The Border Patrol just seized enough fentanyl to kill millions of Americans. This was not just a drug bust—it was a dirty bomb coming across our southern border.
Our EU partners should focus on curbing Iran's efforts to develop ICBMs, repress their citizens, take foreign hostages, and conduct assassination plots on European soil instead of succumbing to the regime's nuclear extortion.
What a powerful story of an Arkansas fifth-grader who saw the needs of others and took action. Thank you Ruby Kate for inspiring our state and country with your story of service in your community.
Sarah’s murder was a great tragedy. That tragedy was compounded by her killer’s escape from justice. Sarah’s Law would ensure that federal law enforcement detains criminals who enter our country illegally and harm our citizens.
Proud to be sponsoring @SenSasse’s bill the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act. Senate should pass this bill unanimously and send to the President to sign.
Pleasure sitting down with the presidents of @HardingU@JohnBrownUniv @Ouachita and their students to discuss the importance of faith-based education and institutions. Christian colleges like theirs prepare young generations in Arkansas and I am happy to support their work.
U.S. sanctions on Venezuela’s state-owned oil company will help end Maduro’s armed robbery of the Venezuelan people. It’s time for the rightful leader @jguaido to take charge.
Great to see the dedicated law enforcement officers with the Arkansas Prosecuting Attorneys Association. Grateful for their service and hard work keeping Arkansas safe.
Great to see friends from @immivoice. I'm proud to cosponsor the Fairness for High-Skilled Immigrants Act. Skilled immigrants should be able to earn green cards in a timely manner, regardless of the country they came from—enabling them to further contribute to our communities.
Allowing Huawei to build out the new 5G network in our country or even in our allies’ telecommunications system would be akin to turning over steel or aluminum production to the Soviet Union in the Cold War.
RT @hughhewitt: “The time has come for Nicolas Maduro to go. And as violence continues in the country, I think he has to ask himself whethe…
ICYMI: My from today's Senate Intelligence Committee #WorldWideThreats hearing
RT @SenatorBurr: STARTING NOW: #WorldwideThreats hearing at Senate Intel Committee. Tune in live:
My statement on the Justice Department's indictment of Huawei Technologies and its affiliates:
Proud to sponsor the bipartisan Health Insurance Tax Relief Act to stop the Obamacare Insurance Tax. Stopping this tax will save Arkansas families an average of $400 on health insurance premiums.
It’s humbling to see the @ArkansasState community rally behind the Andersons in love and support. My prayers go out to Blake, Wendy, and their family during this difficult time.
I look forward to reintroducing legislation that will block unscrupulous patent holders from gaming the system through sham transactions.
“By transferring the patents to a tribe that had no part in the development of the drug, Allergan attempted to purchase sovereign immunity to rip off consumers. Allergan’s transfer of the Restasis patents to the Mohawk tribe was a sham.”
Elliott Abrams brings deep expertise to Secretary Pompeo’s team at a critical time. I thank him for returning to public service to support the Venezuelan people standing up to Maduro's outlaw regime.
I hope during the coming weeks they will honor their commitment to negotiate in good faith so that we can secure our borders and begin to fix our immigration laws.
At the same time, it’s unfortunate that my Democratic colleagues have not yet agreed to funding to secure our southern border, which must include new physical barriers—something Democrats have supported in the past.
I’m glad to see the government reopen for the sake of the Arkansans who’ve been negatively impacted.
Corrupt regime calls on mercenaries for protection from the democratic aspirations of the Venezuelan people. Russia’s militant response a stark contrast to @SecPompeo’s offer of humanitarian assistance.
"I will continue to work with the president and my colleagues to reopen the government and secure the
My statement on yesterday's vote: "I could not support the bill because it gives legal status to illegal aliens without first securing our borders, implementing e-verify, and ending chain migration -- all of which would eliminate the incentives for more illegal immigration"
A federal district court judge this week acknowledged the obvious: Businesses do not have a constitutional right to discriminate against the Jewish State. My statement on the @ArkTimes v. Mark Waldrip, et al:
I commend the president for recognizing opposition leader Juan Guaidó as the rightful president of Venezuela. The United States proudly supports the Venezuelan people against the corrupt elite who have oppressed them for far too long.
Nicolás Maduro’s outlaw regime has immiserated Venezuela and its people. Now Venezuelans are in the streets demanding leaders who will give them freedom, not the anti-American scapegoating and empty store shelves of socialism.
Today my colleagues and I sent a letter urging President Trump to transfer the worst of the Islamic State battle-hardened detainees to the detention facility in Guantanamo Bay, where we know that they won't be committing any more acts of violence.
A very special morning here at Saint Mark Church in Little Rock as we celebrate the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
This week @JohnBoozman and I helped introduce the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. As we celebrate Arkansas's 42nd annual March for Life this weekend, this legislation is particularly appropriate.
This week I introduced a bill with @JohnBoozman and @RoyBlunt to reduce the estate tax by 20%, helping Arkansas farmers preserve their family legacies and way of life. 
Today my colleagues and I introduced a bill to impose denial orders on Chinese telecom companies that violate U.S. sanctions.
Looking forward to working with my colleagues to introduce legislation that will make e-verify mandatory for all employers.
I commend this prudent decision to avoid the mistakes of the Obama administration, which Ambassador Bolton and Secretary Pompeo are delivering across the region.
President Obama's decision to quit Iraq before the mission was accomplished is what got us ISIS in the first place. The smarter strategy is defeat ISIS and secure our allies, and then bring home our troops.
I look forward to working with my colleagues to reintroduce and pass the Iran Hostage Act to make clear to our adversaries: if you take an American hostage, there will be consequences
Iranian officials must be held accountable for the despicable practice of wrongfully imprisoning Americans.
It's time Washington take the long overdue step of affirming Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. My statement with @SenTedCruz
RT @SenTedCruz: To support Israel’s right to self defense, Washington should take the long overdue step of affirming Israeli sovereignty ov…
RT @SenTedCruz: Responding to the threat posed by Iran and its proxies requires ensuring that Israel can defend its territory and its citiz…
RT @SenTedCruz: Israel's northern border has become increasingly dangerous in recent weeks with the discovery of Hezbollah’s terror tunnels…
RT @uamshealth: @BU65Dad, medical director of #trauma and chief of the Division of Trauma, Critical Care and Acute Surgery at UAMS, shows a…
Good luck @AStateFB!
By sustaining family farms, we help preserve Arkansas’s unique land, values, and work ethic. I’m very proud of all 42 farms that joined the distinguished ranks of other family century farms across our state today, especially of the one my mom grew up on!
The First Step Act provides hundreds of new rights and privileges to federal prisoners. More phone time, reduced sentences, “compassionate release,” and early release credits. There is not a single benefit in the bill for the victims of these criminals.
Opponents falsely claim victim notification amendment wouldn’t allow victims to opt-out of notification. Current law for other notifications doesn’t mention “opt-outs,” but Bureau of Prisons still provides it. This will not change.
The amendment I offered with @SenJohnkennedy, cosponsored by Senators Barrasso, Kyl, Sasse, and Toomey, would notify victims before their victimizer is granted early prerelease custody and give victims a chance to make a statement to the warden.  I hope my colleagues vote yes.
RT @SenTedCruz: .@SenTomCotton and I introduced a Senate resolution encouraging the United States to recognize Israel’s sovereignty over th…
I am proud to have support from the Major City Chiefs of Police for our amendments. These brave Chiefs serve nearly 80 million Americans and they are heroes who keep us safe. Criminals get a lot of benefits in First Step Act. Why not at least give victims notice?
The senate should unanimously pass @SenatorLankford amendment #4121 to fix language in current bill that discriminates against Christian and other religious groups. Proud to sponsor this fix. Faith-based groups deserve full participation in federal prison system.
I'm proud to have @SenJohnKennedy, @SenJohnBarrasso, Senator Kyl, @SenSasse, and @SenToomey as cosponsors for this amendment. We only need 51 votes to make this bill a little better and safer. I urge all my colleagues to support it.
Now, please tell me which of the crimes in my amendment should remain eligible for early release time credits. Coercing a child to engage in sexual activity? Assaulting law enforcement? Assaulting a child? Carjacking? Bank robbery? Hate crimes? They should all be made ineligible.
Opponents of my amendment continue to push false claim it “would make virtually all federal prisoners ineligible for earned time credits,” so I’m posting analysis from bipartisan US Sentencing Commission confirming 62% of prisoners are still eligible if my amendment‘s adopted:
I also strongly support @jiminhofe's amendment #4141 that would fix the unconstitutional, unfunded mandate in the First Step Act that could bankrupt local jails. This is a serious issue in the bill that has received little attention thus far.
