RT @okayhenderson: John Kennedy, a spokesman for Congressman @SteveKingIA, issues statement to @RadioIowa regarding King’s “present” vote o…
All evidence points to King never using the words quoted in the NY Times. @DiamondandSilk spent hours digging into the facts. Now they know the truth. Here is the proof:
The attached document disproves a NYTimes Negative MisQuote beyond a reasonable doubt.
I commissioned 3 GAO studies—criminal aliens represented an average of 1/4 of the federal prison population. There would have to be 82 million illegals in America before they would be committing an equal proportion of crimes. See AZ TX. 3,000 Texans were murdered by illegals.
That is the biggest reason the USA is a Constitutional Republic and why the Constitution guarantees a republican form of government.
Heart wrenching and heart warming at the same time. This baby would have been killed if the ProAborts ProInfanticides had their way. Parents are grief stricken but know they gave Albi all the love they had.
A Norman Rockwell Day today. Town Hall meeting in Logan that felt like a campaign rally. Great people. A medals presentation to the family of an heroic WWII veteran. A naturalization ceremony for 39 new Citizens. Here are my remarks:
RT @ChuckGrassley: Congrats to EPA Admin Wheeler who was just confirmed by the Senate Now we need to accomplish Pres Trump’s mission to end…
Dr. Sebastian Gorka, author, strategist, former Trump advisor was guest speaker at Conservative Opportunity Society breakfast. The deep state is deeper than you think.
Dr. Rickey Bolden stopped in today to offer his support and prayers. You may remember Ricky Bolden from his days in the NFL. Today he works to help underprivileged children in Washington. His Christian faith is inspiring!
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Cast your vote now. The nominees for best performance in a politically motivated hate hoax are... #oscars #Oscars19 #Ac…
At noon today, @IowaPress airs tough interview with Rep. Steve King: David Yepsen, Henderson, Murphy ask penetrating questions. King responds to NY Times misquote ensuing controversy.
I remember, too. I was at Winter Park, CO skiing. We watched the “Miracle” then went out to dinner. I said to the waiter, “I don’t recognize your accent, where are you from?” His answer, “Originally from Russia, but I’m an American now!” Great Cheers all around! That’s America:-)
From Thomas Sowell, one of the 3 wisest men in America: I am looking for the objective journalists and publications. I would be happy to start a list.
Iowa is now ranked as the 45th LEAST sinful state! We were nosed out by Vermont, Maine, North Dakota, Nebraska, Idaho in that order. This ranking, coupled with others, supports Iowa as the best place  to live and raise a family.
McCabe’s mendacity calls for DOJ response. A very thorough piece of real journalistic research by Dr. Christopher Hull.
Trump and Justice Thomas are both right! Take the Covington case all the way to the Supreme Court. The New York Times was the prevailing party in “Sullivan” which gave news outlets a legal protection for #fakenews. It’s time to review New York Times Co. v. Sullivan, (1964).
Kavanaugh, King, Cohen, Covington Catholic, Smollett: What do they have in common? All were Media FireStorms, all #FakeNews, and all showcased the biases of the Left. With this release, the truth is out on all. @GOPLeader .
200 pro-family leaders wrote  @GOPLeader McCarthy asking him “to do the right thing” reinstate my committees. They know when the “outrageous misquote” of a biased liberal NYTimes takes free rein to “falsely brand” Republicans, no conservative is safe .
“Heaven has a wall, a gate and a strict immigration policy. Hell has open borders.”
Conservative Opportunity Society breakfast featured Diamond Silk who lit the room with unapologetic common sense. Server, Thomas took a bow for a great job.
Some shots from the #StateOfTheUnionAddress                Diamond, Michele Bachmann, Ben Carson, AG Matt Whitaker, SK.
.@RealDonaldTrump #SOTU speech was the best I have heard. It hit all the important issues and several times swept Democratic women into the moment. Interrupted 102 times by applause. Trump pointed out a number of American heroes in the gallery and closed with “choose greatness.”
Having only one ticket, I invited one of two guests for the State of the Union tonight, #sotu Lynnette Hardaway Rochelle Richardson, otherwise know as Diamond Silk. Diamond won the coin toss. Both will be my guest speakers at COS in the morning.
A pair to draw to and at least one of America’s wisest of wise men.
It was Rep. Steve King who in 2017 warned Republicans Ryan had no interest in funding a border wall.“I don’t believe the speaker is for the wall,” King told Tucker Carlson“He’s way short of the enthusiasm that I have for the wall.”He was proven correct.
The first of 39 scheduled townhall meetings in the 4th Congressional District of Iowa went well. Iowans know truth from Leftist fiction.
I will be starting a potentially volatile town hall in Primghar, IA in 5 minutes. Tune in on my FaceBook Live account.
I can certify these are all good people who are making Freedom and God Given Liberty Great Again!
A Serbian police chief, while boarding migrants on trains for Germany told me, “This only stops when the people accepting them stop accepting them.” Hungary solved their problem in a few months. Build the Wall!
RT @LiveAction: In New York, babies this age can now be aborted for practically any reason until birth. RT if you believe this must chang…
Alveda King @alvedaking writes about her uncle Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. joins with Congressman Steve King on the sanctity of all human life.
Peter Wagner, long time publisher of the Northwest Iowa Review, knows @SteveKingIA well for years has a different informed take on SK.
.@SheriffClarke defends Steve King in Townhall article and calls elitist Republican perpetrators “political cannibals”.
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. gave his all for all. I have long agreed with his speeches and writings. Today I think of this MLK quote, “Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.” May we renew ourselves in his teachings so that he can RIP.
A Big Beautiful Concrete Border Wall will be a monument to the Rule of Law, the sovereignty of the USA, @RealDonaldTrump. If DACA  Amnesty is traded for $5.7 billion(1/5 of a wall), wouldn’t be enough illegals left in America to trade for the remaining 4/5. NO AMNESTY 4 a wall!
Thank you @marksteynonline 4 powerfully clarifying on @rushlimbaugh the high stakes in my fight in defense of Western Civilization. It can’t become a pejorative or we will lose our civilization. The Left McCarthy seek to destroy me for making this point.
My Statement on Kevin McCarthy’s Unprecedented Assault on my Freedom of Speech.
RT @ToadonaWire: I took a course called Western Civilization in college,it’s not a dog whistle for bigotry or racism. These ppl need to sto…
Steve King Floor Statement regarding New York Times Article 
Mr. President @RealDonaldTrump if the time comes that it is necessary for you declare a state of emergency for border security, build the whole wall out of concrete. Let it stand forever as a monument to the Rule of Law.
My statement on the New York Times article.
The Establishment is at it again. I will be on WHO Radio 1040 with Simon Conway at 6:05 PM CT.
And, “There is no love like a daughter’s love for her father.”
The hearts of the Corcoran family have been torn apart by the 100% preventable death of Pierce. I increase my decades long efforts to end these tragedies as I add the Corcoran name to the long list of victims of open borders.
When @RealDonaldTrump addresses the nation tomorrow night he should call for a fence, a concrete wall, a fence. All walls work. Only Berlin Wall was immoral. Walls to keep good people in=bad. Walls to keep bad people out=good. Walls r old technology? Ready to give up the wheel?
Taiwan is a trusted ally, trading partner, friend with which Iowa has a special relationship. President Xi of Red China has militarily threatened #Taiwan. America stands with FREE Chinese people.
And Prop 12 is blatantly unConstitutional. States are prohibited from engaging in the regulation of interState Commerce unless specifically authorized by Congress.
Elizabeth Warren held an engaging event in Buena Vista County today. Surrounded by Pocahontas, Sac Cherokee Counties, Buena Vista is named after General Zachary Taylor’s victory, in the “Battle of Buena Vista” over Santa Anna in 1847. Taylor’s horse was named “Old Whitey.”
Speaker Pelosi thinks she can be proChildren AND proAbortion.
Way to Go Iowa!!
“I, Steve King, do solemnly swear that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States...” Eight times I have sworn the oath on the Bible my 5 times great uncle carried on him for 3 years of the Civil War. Thank you Iowans!
RT @ToadonaWire: RT @kwilli1046: You'll never want to smoke cigarettes again.
She looks part a name like Bailey.
And the Vatican...but walls are immoral.
Happy New Year! When a Heartbeat is detected, the baby must be protected. Have a Heart.
This little baby had a heartbeat at 6-8 weeks. That’s one of the reasons I authored the Heartbeat Protection Act for Congress and Iowa. Today, in Iowa, if a heartbeat can be detected, the baby is protected by law (in litigation).
RT @netanyahu: To all of my followers around the world: Happy New Year!
Is this heaven?........ It’s Iowa.Man’s best friend?
On this day, December 28, 1846, Iowa became a state. What does Iowa mean to Iowans? Here’s a scene from my deck.  Iowa became a ‘Field of Dreams’.  “Is this heaven?” “It’s Iowa.” “I could have sworn it was heaven.”
Merry Christmas to all as we celebrate the Birth of Jesus and God’s Promise of Redemption. “O Night Divine”
.@realDonaldTrump hang in there with us on $5.7 billion for the wall funding! It’s your mandate from the American People. I will be the last to blink!
Finally! Flour in a resealable Zip-Lock bag! The resilient perpetual paper package is defunct after a century of countless messes. �Happy daze!
Admiral Ace Lyons was a warrior, a Patriot, a strategic thinker, a straight shooter a master of plain speak. God Bless him may he RIP.
.@RealDonaldTrump is right on The Weekly Standard’s deserved demise (“pathetic and dishonest”). If the articles targeting me were redacted until only truth remained, there would not be much left to read.
My gratitude to my Iowa Ag Leadership Committees who worked with me to ensure the #FarmBill reflects our needs. I'm pleased my efforts to reform CRP, promote Ag trade, establish an FMD vaccine bank improve broadband were included I look forward to #realdonaldtrump signing it.
.@JohnSamplesCato you did what liberals do. You assigned me a motive a position. Didn’t you hear me say I don’t want to regulate Google but this is what can happen if they don’t self regulate?
Tomas Homan, a most knowledgeable strong advocate for the Rule of Law and border security, was my guest speaker at Conservative Opportunity Breakfast this morning.
Pres George H.W. Bush joined millions of Americans in enlisting after the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor 77 years ago. He understood that “eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.” On #PearlHarbor Day we owe thanks to everyone who, like Bush, answered the call.
Former FBI Director James Comey is now testifying before a closed session of House Judiciary OGR Committees.
It was a powerful experience honoring the life of George H.W. Bush. He was a kind gentle man who served at the highest level of excellence in every capacity. Bush 41 wrote thousands of personal notes, one of which I will cherish forever.
Your Iowa District #4 Congressional staff, including little Jackson the youngest Chief of Staff on the Hill. Due to budget cuts, Marilyn I shared a sweater.
USDA @SecretarySonny expects China to begin purchasing soybeans again on Jan 1. That’s a New Year’s Resolution that our farmers will appreciate. Iowans look forward to a New Year of soybean exports to China the prospect of a finalized trade deal.
RT @realDonaldTrump: Farmers will be a a very BIG and FAST beneficiary of our deal with China. They intend to start purchasing agricultural…
Thomas Sowell, One of America’s wisest of Wise Men.
While France experiences its worst riots since the 1960’s, Macron is wobbly a new French opinion poll is released.
.@RealDonaldTrump, Xi China have moved trade negotiations in a positive direction. Exports to China to increase immediately. Good News! An opening that could put all our trade back on the rails a potential IP Piracy fix, too.
President George H. W. Bush, now called home to the Lord. Bush 41 was a noble statesman, a Greatest Generation Warrior, the loved and revered kind hearted patriarch of one of America’s greatest families. RIP
.@EPA’s RFS Final Rule disappoints b/c it doesn’t deal with re-allocation of waivers for small refineries. Ethanol is an essential component of America’s energy future.  @EPAAWheeler needs to promote the RFS rather than administer its creeping nullification via waivers. @iowafuel
Americans thrive when we have strong trade deals that open foreign markets to our goods. This is especially true for agriculture. Congratulations @realdonaldtrump on today’s signing of the USMCA deal that replaces NAFTA!
California passed legislation which seeks to ban the sale of eggs, pork, and veal from the other 49 states. My PICA bill stops CA’s regulation without representation. The Farm Bill conference (@ConawayTX11) should keep my PICA language to protect farmers.
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: @realDonaldTrump I support President Trump’s decision to close the border until we can get a handle on the chaos creat…
Happy Thanksgiving, America. God’s Blessings have been poured forth upon us all.
RT @IA_MOJO: @SteveKingIA Funny how all the losers are still trolling you. You won and the libs are sore losers. Keep up the good work Stev…
Visting the new VA clinic in Spirit Lake. Good people who are honored to serve our veterans, a labor of love.
Stopped by to congratulate Harold Schiebout  Team for grand opening of the Sioux County Regional Airport.
Thank you, @NANCYJBUNKER1 Ask them to produce an original quote in context. That’s always missing from my critics. And, my Heartbeat bill is ready for markup in Judiciary this month. LIFE is sacred.
Congratulations to everyone who was part of the commissioning of the USS Sioux City! My other choice for the day was the baptism of Kaelly Louise King. All 8 grandchildren have been baptized with Holy Water I drew from the Jordan River where John the Baptist baptized Jesus.
USS Sioux City to be commissioned today. Brigadier General “Bud” Day memorial display on board. Congratulations!
RT @kwilli1046: Girl who used to be paralyzed surprises her nurse.
Rabbi Moshe Vizel came down from NY today to discuss “false witness” borne against me during  the campaign. A real friend who loves the truth.
“Iowans know me, and they know the Left’s nasty smears against me are 180 degrees from the truth.  Here’s an Iowa paper, the Spencer Daily Reporter people who know me, telling the truth about my record, and blowing up the Left’s phony ‘racist’ claims.”
RT @SteveKingIA: “Saving the Innocents’ Beating Hearts”
100 years ago today, WW I ended on the 11th hour of 11th day of the 11th month of 1918. It was to be the war to end all wars. It did preserve our priceless freedom. God Bless all our veterans every day.
Yes, if my legislation passes the Senate. My sanctuary city legislation was passed off the floor of the House in 2017. It awaits action in the Senate.
Another sickening and 100% preventable crime:-((
Rachael @RachaelBL Just release the full tape. Leftists lies exist without original sources because they are false and manufactured accusations. Weekly Standard is transitioning into “Antifa News”.
.@StanleyLevy You ask good questions. I just followed you because your posts read to be objective and unbiased.
Leftists lies exist without original sources because they are false and manufactured accusations. The lies exist because Leftists WANT to believe them.
Every pre-born baby is conceived by, loved by, and wanted by God. The “choice” is His. For Planned Parenthood to defy Him is demonic and diabolical evil.
Except, YOU @StephenfHayes know better.  You heard it directly from Jeff King and chose to defend your junk yard dog. You refused to release the tape. We ejected your guy his HuffPo pack mate.
Only a mother share this kind of love. God Bless
The Weekly “NO” Standard(s) has joined HuffPo at the bottom of the lying journalistic gutter. No question that now their purpose is to write willful lies to advance a Leftist agenda. We threw this WS writer out after he disqualified himself.
It has been a long and very difficult two years for AG Sessions. Jeff Sessions is a Patriotic Constitutional Christian Conservative who has served our country with excellence and distinction. The time came for the AG position to end. Walk away with dignity General Sessions.
Thank you 4th District Iowans for rejecting the coordinated hit-job of the Leftist press. You also proved this Congressional seat is not for sale when your votes wiped out the “Green T$unami” of East West coast billionaires.  Thank you for doing your part.
I want to pass the Heartbeat bill in Lame Duck!
RT @michellemalkin: Truth. @SteveKingIA has been targeted by a coordinated left-wing smear campaign aided by NeverTrumpers. I hope #IA04 vo…
2nd Amendment Princess “My Time with Steve King”
Gun safety starts early in our family.
Antonia is a 2nd Amendment Princess
RT @SteveKingIA: Chuck Grassley gives a number of reasons why Steve King has earned his vote and deserves your vote.
RT @SteveKingIA: Soon, babies like this little angel will be protected in the womb by law.
Chuck Grassley gives a number of reasons why Steve King has earned his vote and deserves your vote.
China Dials Down on Trade War. Lower Tariffs Increased Imports.
Wow! Nicole Baart, Dordt College’s official pastor’s wife’s blatant lies expose the truth about Leftist “faith” community.
Not anti-Semitic to call out George Soros. Leftist media commits all out slander of King.
I have long opposed George Soros. Recently, the Left began to label any critic of Soros as anti-Semitic. Watch my response to the false accusation of anti-Semitism and hear about my experience at Auschwitz.
Dr. Steve Meyer, author of “Answer the Call”, said, “These 3 Tanzanian Miracle Kids would be dead if it hadn’t been for Congressman King.” Even met an ISU fan in Tanzania:-)
RT @VP: We strongly condemn ISIS’s attack on Coptic Christian worshippers en route to a monastery in #Egypt. We abhor these cowardly assaul…
If Steve King is re-elected, 950,000 innocent little babies can be saved every year. If his opponent is elected, Nancy Pelosi will ensure all of them and more are aborted.
Dan Lederman, “I know of no member of Congress who is as pro-Israel and who stands with the Jewish people as strongly as Steve King.”
My opponent is the antithesis (the opposite) of Iowa values. My record proves I embody them. Don’t let the million$ from Left Coast billionaires pay in advance and buy your Congressman.
RT @RadioIowa: King says he stands 'shoulder to shoulder' with Trump on immigration
A look back at my annual General Bud Day Pheasant Hunt. Our celebrity hunter, Antonia Okafor, shows off her first confirmed kill. Antonia was a great addition to the hunt.
Leftist Media Lies have reached Peak Insanity and compared me to the evil Pittsburgh murderer of 11 Jews! Here is my reaction.
Gohmert Defends King: Gohmert has called King “Evangelical Catholic”.
RT @RalphNorman: In the time that I have known Steve King, I have witnessed his kindness and compassion regardless of a person’s race or fa…
Fort Dodge Messenger Endorses King. “His work helps keep rural Iowa prosperous.”
Ramesh April, you two are greatly Blessed.
Great news! President Trump will end “Birthright Citizenship” for Illegal Aliens! I have been the leader author to this  legislation (HR 140) since 2011, and I am very happy that my legislation will soon be national policy! Thank you @RealDonaldTrump!
King Response
New Poll Released! King Leads by Wide Margin in spite of the most vile, evil, deceptive attack’s ever used in Iowa.
Have a look at all the diversity at my annual “General Bud Day Pheasant Hunt”! We had English Setters, Brittanys, German Shorthairs, and black, yellow, chocolate white Labradors all assimilated into a fine working team. A great day in the field.
5200 US troops to be deployed to our southern border to intercept the Illegal Alien Caravan. Good call, @realdonaldtrump! Now, use your Trump v. Hawaii authority to issue a “Caravan Travel Ban” for offending Central American countries, too.
It takes a (teepee) village:-) Good shootin’ Antonia!
The Wisdom of Saint John Paul II: shared Faith shared Tree of Life grief, also shared core values of Judeo-Christianity.
RT @SteveKingIA: Allie Beth @conservmillen this is the BEST voter guide anywhere!
Scene from the Bud Day Pheasant Hunt.
Hey! Jack Dorsey @Twitter Unlock my account. My followers want to see Allie Beth Stuckey @conservmillen
RT @DVMSRoom305: @SteveKingIA w/ Miracle Kids of Tanzania
Allie Beth @conservmillen this is the BEST voter guide anywhere!
Dave Euler, my first excellent district director who, for 40 years longest serving member of US 4-Lane Hwy 20 Assoc, pushed for 4-Lane Highway 20. Maybe even happier than I am. God’s Blessings, Dave. You earned it!
“The Long and Winding Road”
RT @mike_pence: Despite the fact that we have told the leaders of Honduras and Guatemala to turn the caravan around, the now 7,000 person c…
RT @RepGosar: As the number of migrants grows by the THOUSANDS it's becoming even more imperative that we secure our border at ALL cost. Si…
I woke up this morning with a smile on my face, then I realized why...the happiest ribbon cutting ever!FOUR-Lane Highway 20, FINALLY:-))
In Macedonia, $5.1 million passed through USAID to Soros organization. U.S. funds were used to print “Rules for Radicals” by Saul Alinsky in Macedonian distributed to entire country. I have a book in my possession.
And, @BernieSanders here is what those who survived both National Socialism Soviet Socialism think of monuments to their suffering. 2/2
Hey! @BernieSanders, Here is what Venezuelans Iowans) think of your Socialism. 1/2
Pat Buchanan tells all of us who care about America that we must control our borders now!Border caravan puts Trump legacy on the line via @worldnetdaily
ObamaCare Understood in 4 Simple Steps
Cutting the ribbon on last leg of 302 miles of 4-Lane Highway 20! 60 years of relentless team effort (25 for me). I was a little too enthusiastic broke the scissors:-) Dave Ehler, SK Governor Reynolds celebrating.
World Food Prize presentation, Des Moines, Iowa.
In WHO studio now with Simon Conway, a proud naturalized American who is successor to Ronald Reagan’s microphone.
Ambassador Niki Haley did a great job as U.S Ambassador to the UN. @RealDonaldTrump would do very well to appoint the Bold Brilliant @MicheleBachmann as Niki’s successor.
.@LindsayGrahamSC has had a really good month of October. The Left has lost the House, the Senate, the Presidency, the Supreme Court. All they have left is the Media, cyberBullies, intimidation, street violence.
Thanks to the board of Little Sioux Corn Processors, Marcus, Iowa for your support. These men put together one of the first and best ethanol plants in the nation.
US Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB) endorses Steve King’s ProLife “Heartbeat Protection Act”!
Faith Goldy, an excellent candidate for Toronto mayor, pro Rule of Law, pro Make Canada Safe Again, pro balanced budget, of all, Pro Western Civilization and a fighter for our values. @FaithGoldy will not be silenced.
“Saving the Innocents’ Beating Hearts”
I will retweet the devil if the devil tweets, “I Love Jesus.”It’s the message, not the messenger. @DMRegister
Des Moines Register Insults Iowa Voters Again! Calls President Trump same names as Congressman King. DMR, “Republicans...by their silence...endorsed the president’s racism, misogyny, white nationalism, divisiveness and crudity.”
“So goes the transformation of the party of equality into a hierarchy of victimhood, with each person’s rank assessed based on the perceived aggregate suffering of the demographic groups to which they belong.”
Here is a much more objective article on women who take the Marine Infantry Officer Course.
Feminist article distorts facts on women who take Marine Infantry Officer Course. But so far, only 5% pass AFTER standards were lowered. 
A mom sets a bad example for her kids. Senator Cassidy gives them a lesson they will remember for life and teach to their children...I hope.
By all objective accounts,  a terrific movie; tastefully done, not graphic but leaves the audience in stunned silence at the end. #GosnellMovie
Our labor shortage can be alleviated by hiring from the 107 million Americans who are prioritized by category and not currently in the workforce.
Also two Texas politicians, Joaquin Julian, the Castro twins, took Spanish lessons to qualify as retroactive Hispanics.
I do my best to pull President Trump to the right:-)
Trump’s E15 year round announcement! “The only reason to vote Democrat is if you are tired of winning!” Council Bluffs, Iowa
Build the Wall!
I cherish my special memory of carrying, full of love, Cole at the March for Life.
No way does Ben Jerry’s ice cream beat Wells Blue Bunny, (maybe in Bernie Sanders’ Vermont) but NEVER in OUR Iowa. Sweet Freedom makes Bunny Tracks all over JD’s
“Anything but the Objective Truth”
Dan Bongino @dbongino on the battlefields of our culture. When the Left throws a tantrum , don’t back up, “Own the libs”
Soon, babies like this little angel will be protected in the womb by law.
Kavanaugh officially confirmed! Thank you to every objective Senator. God Bless America as we begin to restore the Constitution!
Better to first see the image over the horizon than in the rear view mirror.
God placed the protester’s souls into them at the moment of conception, too. Protesting to continue “their relentlessness to slaughter the unborn” is a grave sin. Heaven will be completely devoid of their howling mobs but a chorus of 60 million innocents will welcome you.
History is made by heroes. I am surprised by some on my list today: Trump, McConnell, Grassley, Kavanaugh, Graham, Collins. God Bless you all. Today the arc of history turns US back to  the Constitution.
Congratulations to @KevinCramer. You are the next Senator from North Dakota. Heidi Heitkamp has walked the plank on her way to Davy Jones’ Political Locker.
Let’s blow right through E-15 and on to the E-Blend that consumers demand. The only obstruction is the petroleum lobby. Who else would say, “I don’t want a choice and I don’t want any American to have a choice.”
America gave Roe (Norma McCorvey of Roe v. Wade) the right to be believed—that she was gang raped. 60 million babies died as a result.
The Kavanaugh Effect
If Judge Kavanaugh is defeated, so will it be for Joe Manchin. Joe could vote NO and might survive if Kavanaugh is confirmed, but... West Virginians will hold Joe accountable if Trump’s SCOTUS mandate is blocked by one of their own.

DACA “Dreamer” arrested smuggling 17 lbs of meth into the U.S. from Mexico. More than 59,786 DACA’s arrested since program began. Valedictorian Dreamers remain extremely  scarce.
OK...It has been pointed out that neither Obama nor Booker actually CONFESSED to throwing ICE. I stand technically corrected.
Who are these “witnesses who corroborate her testimony”?
Obama Booker, between them, have confessed they personally experienced all of the Kavanaugh allegations. Nothing like informed critics.
Sooner or later, the intelligent astute Swedes will learn Arabic...then=problem solved!
@ByronYork Senator Grassley is a kind and patient man. From experience, I can tell you that he does have his limits. I would have reached mine by now.
I’m leaving the White House from a private, 75 minute, Oval Office meeting with America’s President today. @realDonaldTrump I covered a whole slew of our topics. My agenda was on my hand.
RT @IngrahamAngle: From the great Steve Kelley.
Taiwan grain deal signed on the same day as our new USMCA trade agreement with Mexico and Canada! Mark down today as a great day for the U.S. farmer. More to come.
Taiwan grain sales deal is signed. This will help replace some of the temporarily lost Chinese market.
Iowa Sec of Agriculture Mike Naig delivers welcoming remarks at signing of Taiwan grain sales ceremony. Des Moines, IA.
Ann Coulter quotes quotes, states facts and makes it, as usual, abundantly clear.
John Adams, "Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passion, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence." And, Adams explained why accusations cannot become convictions.
