In 2017 alone, our country arrested 600,000 people just for possession of marijuana. Our bipartisan legislation takes a step toward ending the failed War on Drugs, ending the federal prohibition on marijuana, and ensuring that our policies are guided by facts and the truth.
Our archaic marijuana policies– based on stigma and outdated myths–have been used to wage a failed War on Drugs. Families have been torn apart, communities left fractured, and over-criminalization and mass incarceration have become the norm.
Today @repdonyoung and I introduced the only bipartisan legislation in Congress that reschedules marijuana thereby ending the federal prohibition. This is long overdue. We must end the failed War on Drugs before we lose another generation to this war.
I rise today to honor the life of my friend, Congressman Walter Jones, Jr., a man who was known by all of us throughout his many years of serving through this chamber for his kindness, his southern charm and his big heart, his fierce independence, and his pursuit of peace.
Our Hawaiʻi communities know the impact disasters can have. They also know that preparation can make all the difference. @FEMA is looking for students in grades 8-11 for the Nat'l Youth Preparedness Council. Apply by Mar 31 – find more info and apply at
A kamaʻāina of Kauaʻi, Navy veteran, and Pearl Harbor survivor – my aloha to the ʻohana of Alfred Rodrigues, Sr. After decades of sharing his stories at Pearl Harbor, Uncle Al’s legacy lives on in his children, grandchildren great-grandchildren.
Work to address the landslide that closed Pali Highway continues, making sure the highway is safe before it is fully reopened. To all my neighbors in Kailua and the Windward side, mahalo for your patience and aloha in traffic. Follow @DOTHawaii for the latest.
Mahalo to all who are working on this issue. Our team continues to support these efforts in Congress and work on federal legislation, like the WATER Act to upgrade and protect community water systems across the nation. (2/2)
Water resources are a public trust in Hawaiʻi, yet access to water has been monopolized by powerful corporate interests for over a century. It’s time to right these wrongs and ensure access to water is fair and equitable to all. (1/2)
97% of Americans support universal background checks for gun purchases. The passage of this bipartisan common-sense legislation is long overdue to help save lives and make our communities more safe.
We have a responsibility to preserve protect natural resources for today generations to come. Our legislation will protect treasures like the Pearl Harbor National Memorial the Honouliuli National Monument inspire stewardship of our planet
Aloha Kauaʻi! Our staff will hold Community Office Hours, one-on-one federal assistance at Hā Coffee Bar in Līhuʻe, 11:30a-1p on Thu, 2/28. Get help with benefits, Social Security + Medicare, passports more. To learn how our office can help, visit .
Reminder: The deadline to submit an entry for Rep. Tulsi Gabbard’s Kaha Kiʻi Congressional Art Competition is TODAY, February 22. For more information, click here
Reminder: The deadline to submit an entry for Rep. Tulsi Gabbard’s Kaha Kiʻi Congressional Art Competition is tomorrow, February 22. For more information, click here
My bill will uphold the #INFTreaty, prevent an escalation of the new Cold War, and protect taxpayer dollars. Rather than scrapping the INF Treaty, we should be working to strengthen expand it continue pursuing a path toward security peace
President Trump’s actions make the American people and our country less safe, while wasting taxpayer dollars to pay for the new arms race and nuclear weapons -- dollars that should be used to address the needs of our people and communities right here at home.
President Trump’s reckless decision to pull out of the #INFTreaty heightens this threat by exacerbating the new Cold War, sparking a new arms race between the United States and Russia, and bringing us ever closer to a nuclear holocaust.
We face a greater risk of nuclear catastrophe now than ever before in history. The threat of nuclear war is real.
My thoughts and prayers are with the loved ones of the victims of the terrorist attack in Kashmir today. We must stand together to defeat these jihadists and their ideology.
Thanks to Cathy and Joe from @HawaiiSBDC for the great work they are doing to support small businesses across #Hawaii. Last year alone, they helped 89 business startups, which created 385 jobs, and advised over 1,300 clients, promoting job growth and economic empowerment.
Our legislation will provide the security our working families need to care for their loved ones, without risking their ability to keep a roof over their heads and food on the table.
Without a national family leave policy, millions of Americans are forced to make an impossible choice between their family’s health financial security.
Across the country, people are working hard every day, living paycheck to paycheck, barely making enough to get by. When a crisis arises, like a parent who falls sick or a personal health crisis, the demands of balancing a family needs can be too much
Sending my prayers aloha to Jackie Young’s ohana and loved ones. I’m honored to have known and worked with Jackie - a true trailblazer relentless fighter for equality justice. Her legacy will live on.
We must reclaim our constitutional responsibility, and stop supporting Saudi Arabia’s genocidal war in Yemen and strengthening the terrorist groups that threaten us.
US-Saudi coalition has dropped bombs on children in schools, people in celebrating weddings. They've left millions on the brink of death from famine, disease, lack of access to clean care, creating the world's worst humanitarian crisis
The United States’ support for #Saudi Arabia’s genocidal war in #Yemen, with no authorization from Congress, has resulted in the deaths of tens of thousands of Yemeni civilians.
That’s why I’m leading legislation to ensure our service members and veterans get the recognition, care, and services they have earned and deserve.
#BurnPits are the Agent Orange of the post-9/11 generation. I’ve seen firsthand the damage caused by burn pits on my in arms who survived combat came home, but are now suffering from cancers, lung diseases, neurological disorders more
Our Kaha Ki'i Congressional Art Competition is open to all high school students in Hawaiʻi's 2nd Congressional District (grades 9-12). Entries are exhibited in the Hawai'i State Capitol, and winning artwork is displayed in the U.S. Capitol for a year!
Our staff will hold Community Office Hours, one-on-one federal assistance at Maui Coffee Attic in Wailuku, 11a-1p on Fri, 2/22. Get help with benefits, Social Security + Medicare, passports and visas, and more. To learn how our office can help, visit
A storm passing north of Hawaiʻi is expected to bring dangerous surf damaging winds. Stay informed. #hiwxNat’l Weather Service: @NWSHonoluluStatewide: @Hawaii_EMAHawaiʻi Island: @CivilDefenseHIMaui/Molokaʻi/Lānaʻi: @Maui_EMAOʻahu: @Oahu_DEMKauaʻi:
Sending my heartfelt prayers and aloha to @RepDebDingell and John Dingell’s loved ones for their great loss. John served our country with honor and dignity, and will be greatly missed
Hoʻomaikaʻi to Hiro Toiya, new director of @Oahu_DEM. Keeping people safe during disasters + emergencies is one of government’s most important kuleana. It takes county, state + federal coordination with non-government orgs and community to make sure people are informed and ready.
Great bipartisan workout with @RepMullin, as always. These friendships matter — they help cut through the partisanship that too often gets in the way of delivering results for those we serve.
After months of repairs to eruption + earthquake damage, Pāhoa Pool reopened today – a step in returning to life as usual. My team has been on the ground + monitoring the situation since day one continues to work with recovery efforts to secure federal funding. #PunaStrong
Ho'omaika'i to Sara King from Ala Wai Elementary in #Honolulu for earning the Milken Educator Award! We are thankful for your tireless service to our community, leading with your heart and aloha for your students and colleagues
We must bring our troops home from Syria quickly responsibly. Trump’s announced hasty withdrawal from Syria could leave Kurds vulnerable to slaughter by Turkey’s President Erdogan who has repeatedly threatened to attack them invade Syrian territory long-held by Syrian Kurds
Ilham Ahmed has been a leader in the battle against ISIS in Syria, where the Kurds have proven to be the most effective ground force, and a strong advocate for peace in Syria.
Many thanks to Disa, Ann, and Desire for serving our Waianae High kids and community, teaching and mentoring our next generation of leaders. Special congrats to Desire who was named a 2019 School Counselor of the Year finalist by @ASCAtweets
It’s a slap in the face to use veterans their families as political pawns. Our bipartisan legislation will ensure that Gold Star families won’t have to worry about whether or not they'll be able to afford to pay the rent or put food on the table in the event of a govt shutdown
Our veterans put their lives on the line for our country w/ some paying the ultimate price their families sacrifice greatly. It's our solemn responsibility to honor them, support their families ensure their families receive the benefits they’ve earned.
We must ensure that our laws policies strike the appropriate balance: protecting our national security, while simultaneously ensuring the constitutional rights of Americans are upheld.
There are 2 main things of great importance to the American people: our safety and security our freedom and civil liberties. It’s unfortunate that some leaders in Washington claim the American people must choose between them. This is a false choice.
This is not about politics. It's about equality. It's about humanity. It's long overdue that we pass the Equal Rights Amendment and include equality between men and women in the United States Constitution. #ERANow
In the past two years, we've inched forward with successful votes in Nevada and Illinois, and now we're just one state away from finally passing the Equal Rights Amendment.
In 1923, the ERA was introduced to prohibit discrimination on the basis of sex, and was reintroduced every session until it finally passed in 1972. However, because of an arbitrary deadline in 1982, by that time, only 35 states out of the required 38 had ratified the amendment.
There are too many examples in our everyday lives where women still do not get equal pay for equal work and where we still face discrimination simply for being a woman.
It's been nearly 100 years since women fought for and won the right to vote. Yet, we still do not have equal rights and protection under the United States Constitution.
Read Rep. Tulsi Gabbard's latest e-newsletter for updates on the deal to end the government shutdown, burn pits, bipartisan legislation to address the nationwide nursing shortage, and more. To sign up for future email updates, click here:
We cannot allow our government and federal employees to suffer and be held hostage because of partisan politics or policy disagreements.
This deal to reopen the government for 21 days will provide backpay for federal employees, and allow them to go back to work while Democrats Republicans work together to address funding levels and authorities for border security and immigration concerns.
I heard from a federal employee who held a garage sale last week,selling as much as she could to pay her rent. Another in the Army Reserves told me if the govt doesn’t open by February, he’d be forced to volunteer to deploy to Afghanistan for a paycheck to care for his kids
For 33 days, the federal government has failed its citizens. Over 800,000 federal employees have been furloughed or are working without pay.
Our bipartisan legislation will help ensure that nurses in #Hawaii and across the country have the education, training, and support they need to continue their service.
Too often, nurses are unsung heroes who provide life-saving care to our communities in the most trying times. As our country faces an aging population, increase in chronic diseases, opioid epidemic more, our healthcare workers must have the support needed to care for our people
I’m honored to join Joaquin’s parents, loved ones and many more who have built this movement to protect our children and help to prevent future tragedies like this. We must take action today, in honor of Joaquin and thousands more lost to gun violence, and protect our communities
The horrific tragedy that occurred at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School left 17 dead, 17 injured a nation of broken hearts in its wake. Too many parents, like Manuel Patricia, never knew they were saying their final goodbyes last hugs kisses with their sons daughters
Today, my colleague and fellow veteran, @repbrianmast, and I are reintroducing burn pit legislation, joined by Senator @amyklobuchar and @Sendansullivan, to make sure they get the services they have earned.
In Iraq, the cloud of toxic smoke fumes from the burn pit in our camp was a daily reality. I know the damage they cause. I've seen the devastating toll taken on my brothers sisters in arms who survived combat came home, but now suffer from rare cancers, lung diseases more
So far, our government has failed to fulfill its responsibility to them recognize the toxins they have been exposed to -- just like what happened to our Vietnam veterans decades ago when our government ignored their exposure and the ensuing illnesses that came from #AgentOrange
Over 165,000 veterans have registered their names in the voluntary Burn Pit Registry, but there are millions of our troops who've been exposed to these toxic burn pits during their deployment. They deserve recognition. They deserve care they deserve the services they've earned.
#BurnPits are the Agent Orange of post 9/11 veterans.
Senator McConnell and President Trump must pass the House’s bipartisan legislation and re-open the government now.
Although our nation’s leaders have failed to step up, everyday Americans haven’t hesitated to take this charge, share their aloha, and care for each other. We cannot  allow our people to shoulder the government’s responsibility to function.
Senator McConnell and President Trump continue to put politics before their responsibilities to serve the American people, leaving our working people unable to pay medical bills, afford their rent and mortgage, and put food on the table for their children.
Hundreds of thousands of federal employees across our country are scrambling to make ends meet as a result of this reckless, 26 day-long government  shutdown.
We passed funding that's sorely-needed by communities like mine, where people are still struggling to get back on their feet w/ limited resources. This bill provides funding for crop insurance, water infrastructure projects, crisis counseling, rebuilding houses small businesses
But time and again, in #Hawaii and across the country, people have proved their resilience and strength and living aloha, taking care of each other even when they have lost everything.
We were battered by natural disasters of all types last year on nearly all of our islands – from major flooding and landslides on #Kauai and #Oahu in April, an erupting volcano throughout May and June, and flooding and wildfires on multiple islands in August.
In other parts of the country, there were storms and hurricanes that similarly devastated other communities. My home state of #Hawaii was one of them.
2018 was a tough year for so many Americans. We had families and farmers and people all across #California whose homes were destroyed, people who lost their lives, lost their farms, lost their businesses.
We cannot turn our backs on our brothers and sisters. These are real people, real families, real lives, and real futures. @senatemajldr and @realDonaldTrump must pass the bipartisan legislation we have already passed and re-open the government now.
Food stamps for tens of millions of Americans are at risk. Low-income housing subsidies are impacting over 340,000 elderly and disabled veterans who depend on that rental assistance. The safety and security of our country is at risk.
Our national parks are filling with trash, our Coast Guard members are working without pay, being told they should hold garage sales or start babysitting to help pay for the bills while the government is shut down.
I heard recently from Jay from #Maui, who's a TSA employee who has been working this entire time without pay, wondering how he's going to pay his mortgage, car, and credit card payments and life-saving medical care that he needs to provide for his daughter. Jay is not alone.
It's been 25 days -- 25 days since over 800,000 federal employees have either been going to work without pay or have been furloughed, all of them wondering, ‘How am I going to pay my rent or my mortgage? How am I going to afford the bills to take care of my family?’
We must build on progress made in #Hawaii and keep this toxic chemical out of our air, food, and water, and hold industrial agri-businesses accountable for endangering our people and our planet.
We cannot put a price tag on the health and lives of our people. The use of chlorpyrifos puts the health and well-being of our keiki, expecting mothers, field workers, agricultural communities, and our 'aina and wai at risk.
The people of #Kauai suffered the painful consequences of chlorpyrifos being used in our community, where dozens of workers were hospitalized from exposure to this dangerous pesticide.
I stand in solidarity w/ our working people will continue to fight for them. We cannot wait another day when so much is on the line --the stakes are too high. The Senate needs to pass our bipartisan legislation to reopen the govt President Trump needs to sign it into law.
It is costing taxpayers every day the government is shut down, causing suffering and hardship for families all across the country, and it is making our country less safe.
These workers are the backbone of our community, providing essential services that ensure our safety, security, and wellbeing. This shutdown is politics at its worse.
Tomorrow, hundreds of thousands of federal employees in #Hawaii across the country will not receive a paycheck because of this senseless government shutdown. They are suffering and struggling, worrying about how to pay medical bills, rent, mortgage and other necessary expenses
Under current law, vets are being shortchanged, failing to receive their full retirement disability benefits they've earned. This is ridiculous can't be allowed to continue. Our bipartisan legislation will ensure that our vets receive the benefits they’ve earned deserve
Our veterans have dedicated their lives in service to our country should not be penalized for that service due to a bureaucratic rule. Retirement benefits and disability benefits are two different things, and one should not be counted against the other.
Congress must end its support for Saudi Arabia’s genocidal war in Yemen, exercise our constitutional authority over matters of stop putting profits of the military-industrial complex before the lives of the American people people around the world
Here we are 100 days later and this Congress still refuses to take action to stop U.S. support for Saudi Arabia and to stop arms sales to Saudi Arabia.
They spend billions of dollars spreading the extreme Wahhabi Salafist ideology that fuels terrorist groups like ISIS and Al Qaeda around the world. Contrary to what @POTUS believes, Saudi Arabia is not our friend.
Since 2015, the United States has supported Saudi Arabia’s genocidal war in #Yemen that has killed tens of thousands of civilians, caused millions of Yemeni people to suffer, starve, and get sick, and created the worst humanitarian crisis in the world.
This brought the world’s attention to #SaudiArabia, a radical Wahhabi theocracy, where the oppression of women and the persecution of Christians, Hindus, atheists, and other religious minorities, as well as the LGBT community is the norm.
100 days ago today, the Saudi regime ordered the assassination of a journalist named Jamal Khashoggi.
Our legislation makes progress toward ensuring quality healthcare for all Americans.
They’ve managed to buy access into Congress, barring the govt from negotiating cheaper prices for consumers, so they can price-gouge those trying to buy life-saving rake in profits at the expense of the American people.
No one should be forced to choose between putting food on the table and paying for life-saving medication. But that’s exactly what’s happening to millions of Americans as a result of big pharma’s chokehold on Medicare.
Our veterans deserve better than added stress financial hardship due to the VA's incompetence bureaucratic red tape. This law that I helped introduce will hold the VA accountable ensure that our veterans receive the benefits they've earned deserve.
Great to be back at Honolulu Hale to deliver a Message of Aloha at the council’s inauguration. This new year, may we find inspiration, strength, compassion, and courage in the spirit of aloha which lies within each of our hearts, and share that aloha with others. #LiveAloha
Christmas is special because of time spent with loved ones + the spirit of giving all around our community. Last night I joined @danieldaekim, @keinishikori + @GarbiMuguruza at @hitennisopen to raise $10k for @HCFHawaii's Volcano Recovery Fund. Mahalo to all who attended!
Today, we take the first in a long line of steps toward comprehensive criminal justice reform. There’s no overnight solution to our broken criminal justice system, but this bill makes long overdue progress that will make a lasting difference.
Our veterans shouldn’t suffer because of bureaucratic red tape and incompetence. Our bipartisan legislation will hold the VA accountable, correct these egregious errors, and ensure our brothers and sisters in arms receive the benefits they’ve earned.
For months, problems at the @DeptVetAffairs causing delays or inaccurate Forever GI bill payments for hundreds of thousands of our nation’s veterans have caused great stress and hardship on them and their families.
Congress must act to end U.S. support for this genocidal war now. @SpeakerRyan must honor our Constitution and schedule a vote on this resolution immediately. More info:
Millions of Yemeni civilians are on the brink of starvation and lack access to clean water, sanitation, and healthcare. Tens of thousands of civilians have been killed by bombs dropped on weddings, school buses, markets, and more.
For the first time, the Senate has taken action towards ending U.S. support for Saudi Arabia’s war in #Yemen that has created the world’s worst humanitarian crisis and horrific suffering for the Yemeni people.
I successfully secured much-needed research and development funding to help #Hawaii farmers fight back against the macadamia felted coccid that has destroyed farms and threatened the livelihoods of dozens of communities, especially on Hawai‘i Island.
This bill has finally opened the door for industrial hemp — a domestic industry that already has a market value of roughly $620 million in the U.S. per year — creating great opportunity for sustainable jobs across many sectors.
It protects food stamps that nearly 170,000 of our keiki, kūpuna, vets working families across Hawaii rely on, invests in ag rural development, conservation efforts to protect our air, land water, clean energy programs, assistance for vets, indigenous low-income farmers
The #FarmBill that passed today was a bipartisan compromise that provides certainty for working families, empowers small and sustainable farms, and expands agricultural opportunities for #Hawaii and across the country. More info:
Our veterans deserve better than to return home to empty promises and excuses. They deserve real leadership and action that honors their service and sacrifice.More info-
Mahalo to @SOHawaii and congratulations on this 50th anniversary!
Dec 7, 1941 forever changed Hawaiʻi our nation. We saw great loss, but also unmatched valor in those known as the greatest generation. As we remember those who died that day those who served in the years following, their example of putting service above self inspires us all.
Congrats to @AlabamaFTBL Tua Tagovailoa from #EwaBeach for earning the Walter Camp and Maxwell awards. We’re so proud of all your accomplishments, how you represent #Hawaii, and for sharing your aloha with the
Ho'omaika'i to Maya, Johnel, Dane Katherine from @mauihighsabers mahalo to the students who submitted an app, judges, teachers, parents our community for prioritizing STEM skills that set our future leaders up for success in the 21st century economy
One job should be enough. @uniteherehawaii members stood their ground for 51 days to fight for higher wages better benefits. We stand in solidarity with those in #SanFrancisco across the country who continue to fight for a living wage. #1job
United by a common purpose to be of service to others, #GivingTuesday provides an opportunity for us all to come together and support the causes in our communities that inspire us.
It’s long past time to end our fossil fuel addiction and transition to a clean energy economy so we can protect our people and our planet.
As we reflect on all that we have to be grateful for, let’s take the opportunity to share our aloha with others, help those in need, and have a positive impact on those around us. I wish you all a happy and peaceful #Thanksgiving
#Diwali represents the triumph of good over evil, love over hate, and truth over lies, serving as a powerful reminder to us all at a time of such divisiveness and darkness. Let us take these lessons to heart not just during Diwali, but every day.
The House @POTUS support our bipartisan legislation to reduce mass incarceration, empower formerly-incarcerated individuals, improve public safety reduce recidivism. It’s time for the Senate to act pass the #FirstStepAct now.
I'm urging my colleagues to VOTE NO on H.Res.1142 so that we can debate and vote on our legislation that would bring an end to ALL US support for Saudi Arabia's genocidal war in #Yemen now.
Saudi Arabia’s genocidal war in #Yemen shouldn’t be invisible. The tens of thousands of men, women children who’ve been wounded or killed millions more who are sick starving can't be forgotten. We must end US support for Saudi's war in Yemen now
Last night, House Republicans voted to block a vote on a bill to end US support for Saudi Arabia’s genocidal war in #Yemen. Today, all Members of Congress must do the right thing and VOTE NO on H.Res.1142 so that we can debate vote on this critical issue
Both Pearl Harbor Honouliuli Internment Camp hold a powerful place in the history of #Hawaii our country. Our bill will preserve these WWII sites provide lessons for the future about the cost of war, courage, selflessness, civil liberties freedoms
In 1953 USCG Petty Officer Mitchell Lani heroically saved his ship crew. He went 66 years without being recognized for his actions. Today, Coasties, family friends on Maui gathered as Adm. Kevin Lunday presented him the Coast Guard Commendation Medal.
For our nation to understand how we can heal the divisive wounds that are tearing our country apart and truly come together as one, we need look no further than to our veterans, who motivated by love and aloha, are willing to sacrifice all for our country.
Diwali is celebrated by millions of people around the world, and represents a special time for spiritual renewal. The Festival of Lights celebrates the triumph of good over evil, love over hate truth over lies, serving as a powerful reminder to us all during this critical time.
Hoʻomaikaʻi to Capt. Steve Bortle and MCPO Raina Hockenberry! Our nation is grateful for your service and sacrifice, and #Hawaii is proud of your achievements at @InvictusSydney, competing with wounded warriors from 18 nations. Imua!
Spread the word! Rep. Tulsi Gabbard's #Hawaii office is now accepting internship applications for next year. Click the link below to learn more and apply
In #Hawaii, we have the 4th highest rate of residents living in poverty in the country. This is unacceptable. One full-time job should be enough for our working men and women to keep a roof over their heads and provide for their families. @uniteherehawaii
With a thriving and profitable tourism industry, employers need to recognize and value the hard-working men and women who take care of and serve our guests with aloha and provide them with a great experience.
While @Marriott makes billions of dollars in profits every year, many of their workers in #Hawaii and across the country are living in poverty - forced to work two or three jobs just to make ends meet due to a high cost of living.
My first stop when I get home is a dip in the ocean. Its’ healing, therapeutic transformative qualities have an incredible impact. I’m proud to support @AccesSurf's efforts to help everyone experience the ocean, regardless of physical limitations.
The values of pono, kuleana aloha that guide @HPU inspire us all to find ways to work together toward a brighter future. I'm humbled to receive the 2018 Paul Loo Distinguished Alumni Award and will continue to do my best to serve Hawai‘i and our country.
At least 18 people have died as a result of #HurricaneMichael, and dozens remain missing. We must mobilize support now to provide necessary resources for emergency response, relief and recovery efforts for those
#Yemen is on the brink of the worst famine in 100 years. The lives of innocent men, women, and children are on the line. The US must end its support for Saudi Arabia’s genocidal war now.
Our bicameral legislation will expand the ability to deliver emergency alerts explore tech, streaming, and other platforms to deliver emergency information. We must take these steps today – before a future disaster – to ensure the preparedness, safety, and welfare of our people
Yesterday’s nationwide test of the emergency alert system was a powerful reminder of the fact that in a real emergency, we must ensure that every American receives accurate and timely information.
Their leadership example were critical for their time, and their universal message of love continues to be so necessary for our country the world, as we are faced with ever deepening divides. May we continue to be inspired by them defeat bigotry and hatred with love aloha
Both Dr. King and Mahatma Gandhi shared the universal message of love respect for all, regardless of race, ethnicity or religion.
Mahatma Gandhi’s legacy continues to inspire generations. Dr. Martin Luther King spoke about how much Mahatma Gandhi’s life and message inspired his own work for peace, justice and equality in America.
#ICYMI- Rep. Tulsi Gabbard Recognized as Champion for Human Trafficking
This agreement will lay the groundwork to foster deeper ties between our people and our nations, inviting investment into our local economy, and creating boundless opportunities for mutual cultural, economic, political, and educational cooperation.
Today, after many years of hard work and dedication by the many stakeholders involved, I’m proud to see this historic sister-state partnership has finally come to fruition.
When visiting #Goa, India, I was immediately struck by the many similarities between our two states—the warmth openness of the people, the diversity of culture traditions to include a strong Portuguese influence, strong agriculture industries, tourism-based economy more
It also invests in Impact Aid schools, and Hawai‘i’s 15 community health centers that provide service for rural communities those most in need. Our families across Hawaii face many challenges - we must put their well-being before politics find ways to deliver results for them
It provides a pay raise for our servicemembers, support for disaster recovery, funding for critical missile defense programs, including Hawaii’s Homeland Defense Radar, burn pits research for our veterans, opioid prevention and treatment, and more.
While I have concerns about some provisions in this legislation, ultimately this bipartisan funding bill will take care of our troops and help provide essential services for the people of #Hawaii and across the country.
Our bipartisan legislation makes a necessary technical fix to existing law provides access to ID cards, which will make it easier to apply for healthcare services, buy or rent a home, get a quality education more, relieving uncertainty for COFA migrants who call Hawai‘i home
This legislation rights a wrong to ensure that tens of thousands of COFA migrants living in the United States, including more than 17,000 in #Hawaii, are able to access the services they need, empowering themselves and their families.
This funding will be available to support ongoing efforts to repair damaged farms and homes, revitalize our communities, and assist those affected in getting back on their feet.
Despite all of our challenges, the strength and resilience we continue to see from the people in our communities is inspiring, as neighbors help neighbors, share their aloha, and pull together to recover from devastation.
This funding is essential to communities like ours that have been challenged in so many ways, with very limited resources to help with relief, recovery, and rebuilding.
The people of #Hawaii have been hit especially hard by natural disasters this year from major flooding on #Kauai and #Oahu in April, volcanic eruptions on Hawai‘i Island the recent flooding wildfires on multiple islands related to Tropical Storm Lane.
It is long overdue time for Congress to reassert its role and responsibility provided within the Constitution, and end our illegal support for Saudi Arabia's war now.
Even after Saudi Arabia dropped a bomb on a school bus that killed 40 children last month, the Trump Administration reaffirmed its support for this illegal war—reportedly to avoid jeopardizing a $2 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia and the UAE.
For too long, the US has supported Saudi Arabia, turning a blind eye to the horrifying atrocities committed against millions of Yemeni civilians since the start of this genocidal war in 2015.
Based on our country’s continued counterproductive regime-change war policies, it's clear that leaders on both sides of the aisle haven't learned the painful lessons of decades of interventionist regime-change wars most recently in Iraq, Libya now Syria.
Sending my aloha and wishes for peace to all those celebrating #InternationalPeaceDay in #Hanapepe today.
The U.S. must end its support for Saudi Arabia and their genocidal war now.
1 year later and the people of #PuertoRico are still recovering from #HurricaneMaria. You cannot play politics with people’s lives. They still need help. @fema the federal government must step up and make critical investments for today, and the future.
Perpetuating a devastating humanitarian crisis in #Yemen that’s caused death, suffering, starvation, cholera for millions of people — for a $2 billion arms deal — is outrageous! Shame.
For the sake of peace, we must continue to pursue this diplomatic path to achieve denuclearized Korean Peninsula, and finally an end to the Korean War.
Without #NetNeutrality small businesses may be charged extra fees to stay online -- making it harder to compete with big businesses. I signed the petition to force a vote to bring back #NetNeutrality for a fair, open Internet for all.
Politicians and our democracy shouldn’t be beholden to big money and corporate interests. We must overturn Citizens United and ensure that our government is of, by, and for the
It is a blatant violation of the Constitution, the War Powers Resolution, and U.S. law. Congress must re-assert its authority and take immediate action to prevent yet another illegal, costly, counterproductive Presidential war.
This is a complete betrayal of those killed on 9/11, first responders, our troops who were killed or injured in the fight against terrorism, and their families.
Trump’s Administration has threatened “dire consequences” against Syria, Russia, and Iran if they attack al-Qaeda and other terrorist groups who control the city of Idlib, Syria.
This week, as we honor the lives lost when al-Qaeda attacked our country 17 years ago on 9/11, the Trump Administration is threatening to start World War III in order to protect al-Qaeda in #Syria.
#ICYMI- Reps. Gabbard and @RepWalterJones Introduce Bipartisan Resolution Requiring Congressional Approval Before Trump Takes U.S. to War
#ICYMI- Hawaii Congressional Delegation Urges @USDA to Release Federal Funding to Hawaii Farmers Affected by Natural Disasters
The US has been saying this for years to justify their blind support for Saudi Arabia’s atrocities. We must end our support for this devastating interventionist war NOW.
Despite Saudi Arabia’s genocidal war in Yemen, killing thousands of civilians – bombing wedding parties and children in a school bus — Secretary Pompeo still certified that the Saudi-led coalition is taking steps to “reduce the risk of harm to civilians.”
#ICYMI- Reps. Gabbard, @RepHanabusa Vote to Fund Military Construction, Expand Veteran Healthcare, Prioritize Clean Energy in Funding Bill
This is a complete betrayal of the American people, those we lost on 9/11, my brothers and sisters in uniform we’ve lost since, and their families. Every Member of Congress must condemn the President for protecting al-Qaeda.
While Trump/Pence gave speeches honoring the victims of 9/11 two days ago, they are simultaneously protecting al-Qaeda and other jihadist forces in Syria; threatening Russia, Syria, and Iran with US military force if they dare attack these terrorists.
Our bipartisan legislation seeks to eliminate some of these barriers, encouraging healthy and active lifestyles, raising awareness about our nation’s cultural and natural treasures, and inspiring life-long stewardship of our planet.
Yet, unfortunately too many children are unable to enjoy these opportunities due to economic barriers.
In #Hawaii, we’re so fortunate that our home is filled with natural and historic treasures from breathtaking Haleakalā National Park to the incomparable Kalaupapa National Historical Park on #Molokai.
#ICYMI: Rep. Tulsi Gabbard Passes Bipartisan Bill to Increase Access to Public Lands
I encourage all Hawai‘i middle and high school to participate in this exciting competition to showcase their abilities explore opportunities for success in the 21st century economy.
.@CongressionalAC is an innovative opportunity for our students to share their unique talents creativity with people across #Hawaii in our nation’s capital.
#Hawaii’s Congressional Delegation urged President Donald Trump to act swiftly on @GovHawaii's request for a presidential disaster declaration for areas across the state impacted by Hurricane Lane. 
It’s already been a crazy hurricane season for us in #Hawaii. As we begin #NationalPreparednessMonth, take some time to prepare your emergency kit and review your emergency plan with your family. For info on how to build emergency kit and more, click here-
Read Rep. Tulsi Gabbard's latest e-newsletter for updates on her busy month at home in August, including touring the @UHWestOahu Student Organic Garden, honoring the #Hawaii Army National Guard, and more. To sign up for future email updates, click here:
The U.S. must end its support for Saudi Arabia, and stop waging interventionist wars that increase destruction, death, and suffering around the world, drain our resources here at home, and threaten our own national security.
Yet today in #Yemen, our military continues to wage this interventionist war alongside Saudi Arabia, unauthorized by Congress. The time for crocodile tears and baseless platitudes is over. Enough is enough.
Last month, the Saudi-led coalition dropped a US-made bomb on a school bus that killed 40 children—the latest in a long string of horrors in this genocidal war that has killed thousands of Yemeni civilians w/ bombs mass starvation, creating the world’s worst humanitarian crisis
For too long, the United States has turned a blind eye to the atrocities being committed against civilians in #Yemen by the Saudi-U.S. coalition.
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard: End the Unconstitutional War in Yemen Now
Reminder: Tulsi's staff will host workshops TODAY and TOMORROW in #Kona and #Hilo on @USDA and @US_EDA federal grants. Get info and updates about financial assistance for rural and distressed communities and more:
Hoʻomaikaʻi to Asa Stevens, 2018 Youth Flyweight Boxing World Champion, bringing home a gold medal to Waianae! We are so proud of your achievements, hard work, and dedication. All of #Hawaii will be cheering for you on your path to the 2020 Olympics.
Rising levels of carbon dioxide could make crops less nutritious put millions of people at risk of developing a zinc or protein deficiency. I’m urging my colleagues to support the #OFFAct to transition to a 100% clean energy economy by
#California is set to become 2nd state after #Hawaii to set a 100% clean energy goal. We must build on this historic progress pass the #OFFAct to transition the entire country to a 100% clean energy economy by 2035
Water is life - we can’t keep kicking the can down the road as people are getting poisoned. We must pass the WATER Act and make critical improvements to our drinking water and wastewater infrastructure.
.@Detroitk12 shut off drinking water in all public schools after finding elevated levels of lead and copper in 16 schools.
Rep. Tulsi Gabbard Joins Homeland Security, FEMA, Hawai'i Officials in Statewide Disaster Assessment
Our bipartisan legislation takes the politics out of this debate by reporting facts on the impact of marijuana laws on our communities. I urge my colleagues to stand with us in setting the record straight by supporting the Marijuana Data Collection Act.
It is unfortunate that the Trump Administration is choosing to perpetuate biased information and outdated myths to fuel the failed War on Drugs that has ripped families apart and wasted billions of taxpayer dollars.
These young players displayed unwavering sportsmanship, respect, and aloha – under trying circumstances as Hurricane Lane loomed over #Hawaii. The people of Hawai‘i proudly commemorate their accomplishments, hard work, determination, and class in earning this great honor.
The players, coaches, and families of the #Honolulu Little League team represented #Hawaii to the world as true ambassadors of aloha, and made us all so proud.
